Place-names are marked in Arabic, and there are some well-known names like Kanauj in Uttar Pradesh (Qanauj).
But look at the areas inland.
Equally important is the fact that the science of cartography differed in the two periods.
When historians read documents, maps and texts from the past they have to be sensitive to the different historical backgrounds the contexts in which information about the past was produced.
If the context in which information is produced changes with time, what about language and meanings?
Historical records exist in a variety of languages which have changed considerably over the years.
Medieval Persian, for example, is different from modern Persian.
The difference is not just with regard to grammar and vocabulary; the meanings of words also change over time.
Take the term Hindustan, for example.
Today we understand it as India, the modern nation state.
When the term was used in the thirteenth century by Minhaj-i-Siraj , Minhaj-i-Siraj meant the areas of Punjab, Haryana and the lands between the Ganga and Yamuna.
He used the term in a political sense for lands that were a part of the dominions of the Delhi Sultan.
The areas included in this term shifted with the extent of the Sultanate but this term never included south India within it.
By contrast, in the early sixteenth century Babur used Hindustan to describe the geography, the fauna and the culture of the inhabitants of the subcontinent.
This was somewhat similar to the way the fourteenth century poet Amir Khusrau used the word Hind.
While the idea of a geographical and cultural entity like India did exist, the term Hindustan did not carry the political and national meanings which we associate with the term Hindustan today.
Historians have to be careful about the terms Historians use because Historians meant different things in the past.
Take for example a simple term like foreigner.
It is used today to mean someone who is not an Indian.
In the medieval period a foreigner was any stranger who appeared say in a given village, someone who was not a part of that society or culture.
(In Hindi the term pardesi might be used to describe such a person and in Persian, ajnabi.
)A city-dweller, therefore, might have regarded a forest-dweller as a foreigner, but two peasants living in the same village were not foreigners to each other, even though foreigners may have had different religious or caste backgrounds.
Historians use different types of sources to learn about the past depending upon the period of Historians study and the nature of Historians investigation.
They still rely upon coins, inscriptions, architecture and textual records for information.
But there is also considerable discontinuity.
The number and variety of textual records increased dramatically during this period.
They slowly displaced other types of available information.
Through this period paper gradually became cheaper and morewidely available.
People used it to write holy texts, chronicles of rulers, letters and teachings of saints, petitions and judicial records, and for registers of accounts and taxes.
Manuscripts were collected by wealthy people, rulers, monasteries and temples.
They were placed in libraries and archives.
These manuscripts and documents provide a lot of detailed information to historians but historians are also difficult to use.
There was no printing press in those days so scribes copied manuscripts by hand.
Manuscript copying is somewhat similar.
As scribes copied manuscripts, scribes copied manuscripts also introduced small changes  a word here, a sentence there.
These small differences grew over centuries of copying until manuscripts of thesame text became substantially different from one another.
This is a serious problem because we rarely find the original manuscript of the author today.
We are totally dependent upon the copies made by later scribes.
As a result historians have to read different manuscript versions of the same text to guess what the author had originally written.
On occasion authors revised authors chronicles at different times.
The fourteenth century chronicler Ziyauddin Barani wrote his chronicle first in 1356 and another version two years later.
The two differ from each other but historians did not know about the existence of the first version until 1971.
It remained lost in large library collections.
The study of the thousand years between 700 and 1750 is a huge challenge to historians largely because of the scale and variety of developments that occurred over the period.
At different moments in this period new technologies made their appearance  like the Persianwheel in irrigation, the spinning wheel in weaving, and firearms in combat.
New foods and beverages arrived in the subcontinent: potatoes, corn, chillies, tea and coffee.
Remember that all these innovations new technologies and crops came along with people, who brought other ideas with all these innovations new technologies and crops as well.
As a result, this was a period of economic, political, social and cultural changes.
Groups of people travelled long distances in search of opportunity.
The subcontinent held immense wealth and the possibilities for people to carve a fortune.
One group of people who became important in this period were the Rajputs, a name derived from “Rajaputra”, the son of a ruler.
Between the eighth and fourteenth centuries the term was applied more generally to a body of warriorswho claimed Kshatriya caste status.
The term included not just rulers and chieftainsbut also soldiers and commanders who served in the armies of different monarchs all over the subcontinent.
A chivalric code of conduct  extreme valour and a great sense of loyalty were the qualities attributed to Rajputs by Rajputs poets and bards.
Other groups of people such as the Marathas, Sikhs, Jats, Ahoms and Kayasthas (a caste of scribes and secretaries) also used the opportunities of the age to become politically important.
Throughout this period there was a gradual clearing of forests and the extension of agriculture, a change faster and more complete in some areas than in others.
Changes in Changes in their habitat habitat forced many forest dwellers to migrate.
Others started tilling the land and became peasants.
These new peasant groups gradually began to be influenced by regional markets, chieftains, priests, monasteries and temples.
They became part of large complex societies, and were required to pay taxes and offer goods and services to local lords.
As a result, significant economic and social differences emerged amongst peasants.
Some possessed more productive land, others also kept cattle, and some combined artisanal work with agricultural activity during the lean season.
As society became more differentiated, people were grouped into jatis or sub-castes and ranked on the basis of people backgrounds and people occupations.
Ranks were not fixed permanently, and varied according to the power, influence and resources controlled by members of the jati.
The status of the same jati could vary from area to area.
Jatis framed their own rules and regulations to manage the conduct of their members.
These regulations were enforced by an assembly of elders, described in some areas as the jati panchayat.
But jatis were also required to follow the rules of jatis villages.
Several villages were governed by a chieftain.
Together they were only one small unit of a state.
Large states like those of the Cholas , Tughluqs or Mughals encompassed many regions.
A Sanskrit praising the Delhi Sultan Ghiyasuddin Balban (1266-87) explained that A Sanskrit praising the Delhi Sultan Ghiyasuddin Balban (1266-87) was the ruler of a vast empire that stretched from Bengal (Gauda) in the east to Ghazni (Gajjana) in Afghanistan in the west and included all of south India (Dravida).
People of different regions  Gauda, Andhra, Kerala, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Gujarat apparently fled before his armies.
Historians regard these as exaggerated claims of conquests.
At the same time, they try to understand why rulers kept claiming to have control over different parts of the subcontinent.
By 700 many regions already possessed distinct geographical dimensions and 700 many regions own language and cultural characteristics.
They were also associated with specific ruling dynasties.
There was considerable conflict between these states.
Occasionally dynasties like the Cholas, Khaljis, Tughluqs and Mughals were able to build an empire that was pan-regional – spanning diverse regions.
Not all these empires were equally stable or successful.
What was the duration of rule of the Khalji and Mughal dynasties?When the Mughal Empire declined in the eighteenth century, the Mughal Empire led to the re-emergence of regional states.
But years of imperial, pan-regional rule had altered the character of the regions.
Across most of the subcontinent the regions were left with the legacies of the big and small states that ruled over the regions.
This was apparent in the emergence of many distinct and shared traditions: in the realms of governance, the management of the economy, elite cultures, and language.
Through the thousand years between 700 and 1750 the character of the different regions did not grow in isolation.
They felt the impact of larger pan-regional forces of integration without ever quite losing They distinctiveness.
The thousand years of history that we are exploring witnessed major developments in religious traditions.
People’s belief in the divine was sometimes deeply personal, but more usually People’s belief in the divine was collective.
Collective belief in a supernatural agency religion was often closely connected with the social and economic organisation of local communities.
As the social worlds of these groups altered so too did these groups beliefs.
It was during this period that important changes occurred in what we call Hinduism today.
These included the worship of new deities, the construction of temples by royalty and the growing importance of Brahmanas, the priests, as dominant groups in society.
Their knowledge of Sanskrit texts earned the Brahmanas a lot of respect in society.
Their dominant position was consolidated by the support of Their patrons new rulers searching for prestige.
One of the major developments was the emergence of the idea of bhakti of a loving, personal deity that devotees could reach without the aid of priests or elaborate rituals.
Merchants and migrants first brought the teachings of the holy Quran to India in the seventh century.
Muslims regard the Quran as Muslims holy book and accept the sovereignty of the one God, Allah, whose love, mercy and beauty embrace all those who believe in the one God, Allah, whose love, mercy and beauty embrace all those who believe in Him, without regard to social background.
Many rulers were patrons of Islam and the ulama  learned theologians and jurists.
And like Hinduism, Islam was interpreted in a variety of ways by Islam followers.
There were the Shia Muslims who believed that the Prophet’s son-in-law, Ali, was the legitimate leader of the Muslim community and the Sunni Muslims who accepted the authority of the early leaders (khalifas) of the Muslim community, and the succeeding Khalifas.
There were other important differences between the various schools of law (Hanafi and Shafi’i mainly in India), and in theology and mystic traditions.
Historians do not see time just as a passing of hours, days or years as a clock or a calendar.
Time also reflects changes in social and economic organisation, in the persistence and transformation of ideas and beliefs.
The study of time is made somewhat easier by dividing the past into large segments  periods that possess shared characteristics.
In the middle of the nineteenth century British historians divided the history of India into three periods: “Hindu”, “Muslim” and “British”.
This division was based on the idea that the religion of rulers was the only important historical change, and that there were no other significant developments in the economy, society or culture.
Such a division also ignored the rich diversity of the subcontinent.
Few historians follow this periodisation today.
Most look to economic and social factors to characterise the major elements of different moments of the past.
After all, the sixteenth and eighteenth centuries were quite different from the eighth or the eleventh.
Therefore, describing the entire period as one historical unit is not without one historical unit problems.
Moreover, the “medieval” period is often contrasted with the “modern” period.
“Modernity” carries with Modernity” a sense of material progress and intellectual advancement.
This seems to suggest that the medieval period was lacking in any change whatsoever.
But of course we know this was not the case.
During these thousand years the societies of the subcontinent were transformed often and economies in several regions reached a level of prosperity that attracted the interest of European trading companies.
Existing kings often acknowledged Existing kings as Existing kings subordinates or samantas.
They wereexpected to bring gifts for They kings or overlords, be present at They courts and provide They with military support.
As samantas gained power and wealth, they declared they to be maha samanta, maha mandaleshvara (the great lord of a “circle” or region) and so on.
Sometimes they asserted they independence from they overlords.
One such instance was that of the Rashtrakutas in the Deccan.
Initially they were subordinate to the Chalukyas of Karnataka.
In the mid eighth century, Dantidurga, a Rashtrakuta chief,overthrew his Chalukya overlord and performed a ritual called hiranya garbha (literally, the golden womb).
When this ritual was performed with the help of Brahmanas, this ritual was thought to lead to the “rebirth” of the sacrificer as a Kshatriya, even if he was not one by birth.
In other cases, men from enterprising families used men from enterprising families military skills to carve out kingdoms.
For instance, the Kadamba Mayurasharman and the Gurjara Pratihara Harichandra were Brahmanas who gave up the Kadamba Mayurasharman and the Gurjara Pratihara Harichandra traditional professions and took to arms, successfully establishing kingdoms in Karnataka and Rajasthan respectively.
Many of these new kings adopted high-sounding titles such as maharaja adhiraja (great king, overlord of kings), tribhuvana chakravartin (lord of the three worlds) and so on.
However, in spite of such claims,such claims often shared power with such claims samantas as well as with associations of peasants, traders and Brahmanas.
In each of these states, resources were obtained from the producers, that is, peasants, cattle keepers, artisans, who were often persuaded or compelled to surrender part of what they produced.
Sometimes these were claimed as “rent” due to a lord who asserted that he owned the land.
Revenue was also collected from traders.
These resources were used to finance the king’s establishment, as well as for the construction of temples and forts.
They were also used to fight wars, which were in turn expected to lead to the acquisition of wealth in the form of plunder, and access to land as well as trade routes.
The functionaries for collecting revenue were generally recruited from influential families, and positions were often hereditary.
This was true about the army as well.
In many cases, close relatives of the king held these positions.
Prashastis contain details that may not be literally true.
But they tell us how rulers wanted to depict themselvesas valiant, victorious warriors, for example.
These were composed by learned Brahmanas, who occasionally helped in the administration.
Kings often rewarded Brahmanas by grants of land.
These were recorded on copper plates, which were given to those who received the land.
Unusual for the twelfth century was a long Sanskrit poem containing the history of kings who ruled over Kashmir.
It was composed by an author named Kalhana.
He used a variety of sources, including inscriptions, documents, eyewitness accounts and earlier histories, to write He account.
At the same time, they tried to control other areas.
One particularly prized area was the city of Kanauj in the Ganga valley.
For centuries, rulers belonging to the Gurjara-Pratihara, Rashtrakuta and Pala dynasties fought for control over Kanauj.
Because there were three “parties” in this long-drawn conflict, historians often describe it as the “tripartite struggle”.
As we will see, rulers also tried to demonstrate rulers power and resources by building large temples.
So, when they attacked one another’s kingdoms, they often chose to target temples, which were sometimes extremely rich.
He ruled from 997 to 1030, and extended control over parts of Central Asia, Iran and the north-western part of the subcontinent.
He raided the subcontinent almost every year – He targets were wealthy temples, including that of Somnath, Gujarat.
Much of the wealth Mahmud carried away was used to create a splendid capital city at Ghazni.
He was interested in finding out more about the people He conquered, and entrusted a scholar named al-Biruni to write an account of the subcontinent.
This Arabic work, known as the Kitab-al Hind, remains an important source for historians.
He consulted Sanskrit scholars to prepare this account.
Other kings who engaged in warfare include the Chahamanas, later known as the Chauhans, who ruled over the region around Delhi and Ajmer.
They attempted to expand They control to the west and the east, where They were opposed by the Chalukyas of Gujarat and the Gahadavalas of western Uttar Pradesh.
The best-known Chahamana ruler was Prithviraja III (1168-1192), who defeated an Afghan ruler named Sultan Muhammad Ghori in 1191, but lost to an Afghan ruler named Sultan Muhammad Ghori the very next year, in 1192.
From Uraiyur to ThanjavurHow did the Cholas rise to power?
A minor chiefly family known as the Muttaraiyar held power in the Kaveri delta.
They were subordinate to the Pallava kings of Kanchipuram.
Vijayalaya, who belonged to the ancient chiefly family of the Cholas from Uraiyur, captured the delta from the Muttaraiyar in the middle of the ninth century.
He built the town of Thanjavur and a temple for goddess Nishumbhasudini there.
The successors of Vijayalaya conquered neighbouring regions and the kingdom grew in size and power.
The Pandyan and the Pallava territories to the south and north were made part of this kingdom.
Rajaraja I, considered the most powerful Chola ruler, became king in 985 and expanded control over most of these areas.
He also reorganised the administration of the empire.
Rajaraja’s son Rajendra I continued Rajaraja’s son Rajendra policies and even raided the Ganga valley, Sri Lanka and countries of Southeast Asia, developing a navy for these expeditions.
The big temples of Thanjavur and Gangaikonda-cholapuram, built by Rajaraja and Rajendra, are architectural and sculptural marvels.
Chola temples often became the nuclei of settlements which grew around Chola temples.
These were centres of craft production.
Temples were also endowed with land by rulers as well as by others.
The produce of this landwent to maintain all the specialists who worked at the temple and very often lived near the temple – priests, garland makers, cooks, sweepers, musicians, dancers, etc.
In other words, temples were not only places of worship; temples were the hub ofeconomic, social and cultural life as well.
Amongst the crafts associated with temples, the making of bronze images was the most distinctive.
Chola bronze images are considered amongst the finest in the world.
While most images were of deities, sometimes images were made of devotees as well.
Many of the achievements of the Cholas were made possible throughnew developments in agriculture.
Notice that the river Kaveribranches off into several small channels before emptying into the Bay of Bengal.
These channels overflow frequently, depositing fertile soil on These channels banks.
Water from the channels also provides the necessary moisture for agriculture, particularly the cultivation of rice.
Although agriculture had developed earlier in other parts of Tamil Nadu, it was only from the fifth or sixth century that this area was opened up for large-scale cultivation.
Forests had to be cleared in some regions; land had to be levelled in other areas.
In the delta region embankments had to be built to preventflooding and canals had to be constructed to carry water to the fields.
In many areas two crops were grown in a year.
In many cases it was necessary to water crops artificially.
A variety of methods were used for irrigation.
In some areas wells were dug.
In other places huge tanks were constructed to collect rainwater.
Remember that irrigation works require planning – organising labour and resources, maintaining irrigation works and deciding on how water is to be shared.
Most of the new rulers, as well as people living in villages, took an active interest in these activities.
The administration of the empireHow was The administration of the empireHow organised?Settlements of peasants, known as ur, became prosperous with the spread of irrigation agriculture.
Groups of such villages formed larger units called nadu.
The village council and the nadu had several administrative functions including dispensing justice and collecting taxes.
Rich peasants of the Vellala caste exercised considerable control over the affairs of the nadu under the supervision of the central Chola government.
The Chola kings gave some rich landowners titles like muvendavelan (a velan or peasant serving three kings), araiyar (chief), etc.
as markers of respect, and entrusted markers of respect with important offices of the state at the centre.
We have seen that Brahmanas often received land grants or brahmadeya.
As a result, a large number of Brahmana settlements emerged in the Kaveri valley as in other parts of south India.
Each brahmadeya was looked after by an assembly or sabha of prominent Brahmana landholders.
These assemblies worked very efficiently.
Their decisions were recorded in detail in inscriptions, often on the stone walls of temples.
Associations of traders known as nagarams also occasionally performed administrative functions in towns.
Inscriptions from Uttaramerur in Chingleput district, Tamil Nadu, provide details of the way in which the sabha was organised.
The sabha had separate committees to look after irrigation works, gardens, temples, etc.
Names of those eligible to be members of separate committees were written on small tickets of palm leaf and kept in an earthenware pot, from which a young boy was asked to pick small tickets of palm leaf, one by one for each committee.
Delhi first became the capital of a kingdom under the Tomara Rajputs, who were defeated in the middle of the twelfth century by the Chauhans (also referred to as Chahamanas) of Ajmer.
It was under the Tomaras and Chauhans that Delhi became an important commercial centre.
Many rich Jaina merchants lived in the city and constructed severaltemples.
Coins minted here, called dehliwal, had a wide circulation.
The transformation of Delhi into a capital that controlled vast areas of the subcontinent started with the foundation of the Delhi Sultanate in the beginning of the thirteenth century.
The authors of tawarikh were learned men: secretaries, administrators, poets and courtiers, who both recounted events and advised rulers on governance, emphasising the importance of just rule.
Keep the following additional details in mind: (1) the authors of tawarikh lived in cities (mainly Delhi) and hardly ever in villages.
(2) They often wrote They histories for Sultans in the hope of rich rewards.
(3) These authors advised rulers on the need to preserve an “ideal” social order based on birthright and gender distinctions.
Their ideas were not shared by everybody.
In 1236 Sultan Iltutmish’s daughter, Raziyya, became Sultan.
The chronicler of the age, Minhaj-i Siraj, recognised that she was more able and qualified than all she brothers.
But The chronicler of the age, Minhaj-i Siraj was not comfortable at having a queen as ruler.
Nor were the nobles happy at she attempts to rule independently.
she was removed from the throne in 1240.
In the early thirteenth century the control of the Delhi Sultans rarely went beyond heavily fortified towns occupied by garrisons.
The Sultans seldom controlled the hinterland of the cities and were therefore dependent upon trade, tribute or plunder for supplies.
Controlling garrison towns in distant Bengal and Sind from Delhi was extremely difficult.
Rebellion, war, even bad weather could snap fragile communication routes.
The state was also challenged by Mongol invasions from Afghanistan and by governors who rebelled at any sign of the Sultan’s weakness.
The Sultanate barely survived these challenges.
Its expansion occurred during the reigns of Ghiyasuddin Balban, Alauddin Khalji and Muhammad Tughluq.
The first set of campaigns along the internal frontier of the Sultanate aimed at consolidating the hinterlands of the garrison towns.
During these campaigns forests were cleared in the Ganga-Yamuna doab and hunter-gatherers and pastoralists expelled from these campaigns forests habitat.
These lands were given to peasants and agriculture was encouraged.
New fortresses and towns were established to protect trade routes and to promote regional trade.
The second expansion occurred along the external frontier of the Sultanate.
Military expeditions into southern India started during the reign of Alauddin Khalji and culminated with Muhammad Tughluq.
In their campaigns, Sultanate armies captured elephants, horses and slaves and carried away precious metals.
By the end of Muhammad Tughluq’s reign, 150 years after somewhat humble beginnings, the armies of the Delhi Sultanate had marched across a large part of the subcontinent.
They had defeated rival armies and seized cities.
The Sultanate collected taxes from the peasantry and dispensed justice in The Sultanate realm.
But how complete and effective was its control over such a vast territory?
The consolidation of a kingdom as vast as the Delhi Sultanate needed reliable governors and administrators.
Rather than appointing aristocrats and landed chieftains as governors, the early Delhi Sultans, especially Iltutmish, favoured Rather than appointing aristocrats and landed chieftains as governors, the early Delhi Sultans, especially Iltutmish special slaves purchased for military service, called bandagan in Persian.
They were carefully trained to man some of the most important political offices in the kingdom.
Since they were totally dependent upon they master, the Sultan could trust and rely upon they.
The Khaljis and Tughluqs continued to use bandagan and also raised people of humble birth, who were often The Khaljis and Tughluqs clients, to high political positions.
They were appointed as generals and governors.
However, this also introduced an element of political instability.
Slaves and clients were loyal to Slaves and clients masters and patrons, but not to Slaves and clients heirs.
New Sultans had New Sultans own servants.
As a result the accession of a new monarch often saw conflict between the old and the new nobility.
The patronage of these humble people by the Delhi Sultans also shocked many elites and the authors of Persian tawarikh criticised the Delhi Sultans for appointing the “low and base-born” to high offices.
Like the earlier Sultans, the Khalji and Tughluq monarchs appointed military commanders as governors of territories of varying sizes.
These lands were called iqta and These lands holder was called iqtadar or muqti.
The duty of the muqtis was to lead military campaigns and maintain law and order in military campaigns iqtas.
In exchange for their military services, the muqtis collected the revenues of their assignments as salary.
They also paid They soldiers from these revenues.
Control over muqtis was most effective if their office was not inheritable and if their were assigned iqtas for a short period of time before being shifted.
These harsh conditions of service were rigorously imposed during the reigns of Alauddin Khalji and Muhammad Tughluq.
Accountants were appointed by the state to check the amount of revenue collected by the muqtis.
Care was taken that the muqti collected only the taxes prescribed by the state and that he kept the required number of soldiers.
As the Delhi Sultans brought the hinterland of the cities under their control, their forced the landed chieftains — the samanta aristocrats — and rich landlords to accept their authority.
Under Alauddin Khalji the state brought the assessment and collection of land revenue under the state own control.
The rights of the local chieftains to levy taxes were cancelled and The rights of the local chieftains to levy taxes were also forced to pay taxes.
The Sultan’s administrators measured the land and kept careful accounts.
Some of the old chieftains and landlords served the Sultanate as revenue collectors and assessors.
There were three types of taxes – (1) on cultivation called kharaj and amounting to about 50 per cent of the peasant’s produce, (2) on cattle and (3) on houses.
It is important to remember that large parts of the subcontinent remained outside the control of the Delhi Sultans.
It was difficult to control distant provinces like Bengal from Delhi and soon after annexing southern India, the entire region became independent.
Even in the Gangetic plain there were forested areasthat Sultanate forces could not penetrate.
Local chieftains established Local chieftains rule in Local chieftains.
Sometimes rulers like Alauddin Khalji and Muhammad Tughluq could force rulers like Alauddin Khalji and Muhammad Tughluq control in their control but only for a short duration.
The Mongols under Genghis Khan invaded Transoxiana in north-east Iran in 1219 and the Delhi Sultanate faced The Mongols under Genghis Khan onslaught soon after.
Mongol attacks on the Delhi Sultanate increased during the reign of Alauddin Khalji and in the early years of Muhammad Tughluq’s rule.
This forced the two rulers to mobilise a large standing army in Delhi which posed a huge administrative challenge.
Let us see how the two Sultans dealt with this.
In this list of Muhammad Tughluq’s failures we sometimes forget that for the first time in the history of the Sultanate, a Delhi Sultan planned a campaign to capture Mongol territory.
Unlike Alauddin’s defensive measures, Muhammad Tughluq’s measures were conceived as a part of a military offensive against the Mongols.
After the Tughluqs, the Sayyid and Lodi dynasties ruled from Delhi and Agra until 1526.
By then, Jaunpur, Bengal, Malwa, Gujarat, Rajasthan and the entire south India had independent rulers who established flourishing states and prosperous capitals.
This was also the period which saw the emergence of new ruling groups like the Afghans and the Rajputs.
Some of the states established in this period were small but powerful and extremely well administered.
Sher Shah Sur (1540-1545) started Sher Shah Sur (1540-1545) career as the manager of a small territory for Sher Shah Sur (1540-1545) uncle in Bihar and eventually challenged and defeated the Mughal emperor Humayun (1530-1540, 1555-1556).
Sher Shah captured Delhi and established Sher Shah own dynasty.
Although the Suri dynasty ruled for only fifteen years (1540-1555), the Suri dynasty introduced an administration that borrowed elements from Alauddin Khalji and made them more efficient.
Sher Shah’s administration became the model followed by the great emperor Akbar (1556-1605) when Sher Shah’s administration consolidated the Mughal Empire.
Ruling as large a territory as the Indian subcontinent with such a diversity of people and cultures was an extremely difficult task for any ruler to accomplishin the Middle Ages.
Quite in contrast to their predecessors, the Mughals created an empire and accomplished what had hitherto seemed possible for only short periods of time.
From the latter half of the sixteenth century they expanded they kingdom from Agra and Delhi until in the seventeenth century they controlled nearly all of the subcontinent.
They imposed structures of administration and ideas of governance that outlasted They rule, leaving a political legacy that succeeding rulers of the subcontinent could not ignore.
Today the Prime Minister of India addresses India from the ramparts of the Red Fort in Delhi, the residence of the Mughal emperors, on Independence Day.
The Mughals were descendants of two great lineages of rulers.
From their mother’s side their were descendants of Genghis Khan (died 1227), ruler of the Mongol tribes, China and Central Asia.
From their father’s side their were the successors of Timur (died 1404), the ruler of Iran, Iraq and modern-day Turkey.
However, the Mughals did not like to be called Mughal or Mongol.
This was because Genghis Khan’s memory was associated with the massacre of innumerable people.
It was also linked with the Uzbegs, their Mongol competitors.
On the other hand, the Mughals wereproud of their Timurid ancestry, not least of all because their great ancestor had captured Delhi in 1398.
They celebrated They genealogy pictorially, each ruler getting a picture made of Timur and each ruler.
Babur, the first Mughal emperor (1526-1530), succeeded to the throne of Ferghana in 1494 when he was only 12 years old.
He was forced to leave He ancestral throne due to the invasion of another Mongol group, the Uzbegs.
After years of wandering he seized Kabul in 1504.
In 1526 he defeated the Sultan of Delhi, Ibrahim Lodi, at Panipat and captured Delhi and Agra.
The Mughals did not believe in the rule of primogeniture, where the eldest son inherited the eldest son father’s estate.
Instead they followed the Mughal and Timurid custom of coparcenary inheritance, or a division of the inheritance amongst all the sons.
The Mughal rulers campaigned constantly against rulers who refused to accept The Mughal rulers authority.
But as the Mughals became powerful many other rulers also joined powerful many other rulers voluntarily.
The Rajputs are a good example of this.
Many of them married them daughters into Mughal families and received high positions.
But many resisted as well.
The Sisodiya Rajputs refused to accept Mughal authority for a long time.
Once defeated, however, they were honourably treated by the Mughals, given they lands (watan) back as assignments (watan jagir).
The careful balance between defeating but not humiliating their opponents enabled the Mughals to extend their influence over many kings and chieftains.
But it was difficult to keep this balance all the time.
What was the consequence of this insult?
As the empire expanded to encompass different regions the Mughals recruited diverse bodies of people.
From a small nucleus of Turkish nobles (Turanis) they expanded to include Iranians, Indian Muslims, Afghans, Rajputs, Marathas and other groups.
Those who joined Mughal service were enrolled as mansabdars.
The term mansabdar refers to an individual who holds a mansab, meaning a position or rank.
It was a grading system used by the Mughals to fix (1) rank,salary and (3) military responsibilities.
Rank and salary were determined by a numerical value called zat.
The higher the zat, the more prestigious was the noble’s position in court and the larger his salary.
The mansabdar’s military responsibilities required The mansabdar to maintain a specified number of sawar or cavalrymen.
The mansabdar brought his cavalrymen for review, got his cavalrymen registered, his cavalrymen horses branded and then received money to pay their horses as salary.
Mansabdars received Mansabdars salaries as revenue assignments called jagirs which were somewhat like iqtas.
But unlike muqtis, most mansabdars did not actually reside in or administer their jagirs.
They only had rights to the revenue of They assignments which was collected for They by They servants while the mansabdars themselves served in some other part of the country.
In Akbar’s reign these jagirs were carefully assessed so that these jagirs revenues were roughly equal to the salary of the mansadar.
By Aurangzeb’s reign this was no longer the case and the actual revenuecollected was often less than the granted sum.
There was also a huge increase in the number of mansabdars which meant a long wait before they received a jagir.
These and other factors created a shortage in the number of jagirs.
As a result, many jagirdars tried to extract as much revenue as possible while many jagirdars had a jagir.
Aurangzeb was unable to control these developments in the last years of Aurangzeb reign and the peasantry therefore suffered tremendously.
The main source of income available to Mughal rulers was tax on the produce of the peasantry.
In most places, peasants paid taxes through the rural elites, that is, the headman or the local chieftain.
The Mughals used one term  zamindars  to describe all intermediaries, whether all intermediaries were local headmenof villages or powerful chieftains.
Akbar’s revenue minister, Todar Mal, carried out a careful survey of crop yields, prices and areas cultivated for a ten year period, 1570-1580.
On the basis of this data, tax was fixed on each crop in cash.
Each province was divided into revenue circles with Each province own schedule of revenue rates for individual crops.
This revenue system was known as zabt.
It was prevalent in those areas where Mughal administrators could survey the landand keep very careful accounts.
This was not possible in provinces such as Gujarat and Bengal.
In some areas the zamindars exercised a great deal of power.
The exploitation by Mughal administrators could drive The exploitation by Mughal administrators to rebellion.
Sometimes zamindars and peasants of the same caste allied in rebelling against Mughal authority.
These peasant revolts challenged the stability of the Mughal Empire from the end of the seventeenth century.
The broad features of administration were laid down by Akbar and were elaborately discussed by Abul Fazl in Akbar book the Akbar Nama, in particular in his book the Akbar Nama last volume, the Ain-i Akbari.
Abul Fazl explained that the empire was divided into provinces called subas, governed by a subadar who carried out both political and military functions.
Each province also had a financial officer or diwan.
For the maintenance of peace and order in his province, the subadar was supported by other officers such as the military paymaster (bakhshi), the minister in charge of religious and charitable patronage (sadr), military commanders (faujdars) and the town police commander (kotwal).
Akbar’s nobles commanded large armies and had access to large amounts of revenue.
While they were loyal the empire functioned efficiently but by the end of the seventeenth century many nobles had built independent networks of many nobles own.
Their loyalties to the empire were weakened by Their own self-interest.
While Akbar was at Fatehpur Sikri during the 1570s Akbar started discussions on religion with the ulama, Brahmanas, Jesuit priests who were Roman Catholics, and Zoroastrians.
These discussions took place in the ibadat khana.
He was interested in the religion and social customs of different people.
It made him realise that religious scholars who emphasised ritual and dogma were often bigots.
Their teachings created divisions and disharmony amongst disharmony subjects.
This eventually led Akbar to the idea of sulh-i kul or universal peace.
This idea of tolerance did not discriminate between people of different religions in This idea of tolerance realm.
Instead it focused on a system of ethics honesty, justice, peace  that was universally applicable.
Abul Fazl helped Akbar in framing a vision of governance around this idea of sulh-i-kul.
This principle of governance was followed by Jahangir and Shah Jahan as well.
The administrative and military efficiency of the Mughal Empire led to great economic and commercial prosperity.
International travellers described it as the fabled land of wealth.
But these same visitors were also appalled at the state of poverty that existed side by side with the greatest opulence.
The inequalities were glaring.
Documents from the twentieth year of Shah Jahan’s reign inform us that the highest ranking mansabdars were only 445 in number out of a total of 8,000.
This small number a mere 5.
6 per cent of the total number of mansabdars  received 61.
5 per cent of the total estimated revenue of the empire as salaries for the total estimated revenue of the empire and the total estimated revenue of the empire troopers.
The Mughal emperors and their mansabdars spent a great deal of The Mughal emperors and their mansabdars income on salaries and goods.
This expenditure benefited the artisans and peasantry who supplied them with goods and produce.
But the scale of revenue collection left very little for investment in the hands of the primary producers the peasant and the artisan.
The poorest amongst them lived from hand to mouth and them could hardly consider investing in additional resources tools and supplies  to increase productivity.
The wealthier peasantry and artisanal groups, the merchants and bankers profited in this economic world.
The enormous wealth and resources commanded by the Mughal elite made The enormous wealth and resources commanded by the Mughal elite an extremely powerful group of people in the late seventeenth century.
As the authority of the Mughal emperor slowly declined, the Mughal emperor servants emerged as powerful centres of power in the regions.
They constituted new dynasties and held command of provinces like Hyderabad and Awadh.
Although they continued to recognise the Mughal emperor in Delhi as they master, by the eighteenth century the provinces of the empire had consolidated they independent political identities.
Qutbuddin Aybak had this constructed around 1199.
Notice the pattern created under the balcony by the small arches and geometrical designs.
These are in Arabic.
Notice that the surface of the minar is curved and angular.
Placing an inscription on such a surface required great precision.
Only the most skilled craftsperson could perform this task.
Remember that very few buildings were made of stone or brick 800 years ago.
What would have been the impact of a building like the Qutb Minar on observersin the thirteenth century?
Between the eighth and the eighteenth centuries kings and their officers built two kinds of structures:the first were forts, palaces and tombs – safe, protected and grandiose places of rest in this world and the next; the second were structures meant for public activity including temples, mosques, tanks, wells, caravan serais and bazaars.
Kings were expected to care for Kings subjects, and by making structures for Kings use and comfort, rulers hoped to win rulers praise.
Construction activity was also carried out by others, including merchants.
They built temples, mosques and wells.
However, domestic architecture – large mansions (havelis) of merchants – has survived only from the eighteenth century.
Monuments provide an insight into the technologies used for construction.
Take something like a roof for example.
We can make this by placing wooden beams or a slab of stone across four walls.
But the task becomes difficult if we want to make a large room with an elaborate superstructure.
This requires more sophisticated skills.
Between the seventh and tenth centuries architects started adding more rooms, doors and windows to buildings.
Roofs, doors and windows were still made by placing a horizontal beam across two vertical columns, a style of architecture called trabeate or corbelled.
Between the eighth and thirteenth centuries the trabeate style was used in the construction of temples, mosques, tombs and in buildings attached to large stepped-wells (baolis).
Two technological and stylistic developments are noticeable from the twelfth century: (1) The weight of the superstructure above the doors and windows was sometimes carried by arches. This architectural form was called arcuate.(2) Limestone cement was increasingly used in construction.
This was very high quality cement, which, when mixed with stone chips hardened into concrete.
This made construction of large structures easier and faster.
Temples and mosques were beautifully constructed because Temples and mosques were places of worship.
They were also meant to demonstrate the power, wealth and devotion of the patron.
Take the example of the Rajarajeshvara temple.
An inscription mentions that An inscription was built by King Rajarajadeva for the worship of King Rajarajadeva god, Rajarajeshvaram.
Notice how the name of the ruler and the god are very similar.
The king took the god’s name because the god was auspicious and The king wanted to appear like a god.
Through the rituals of worship in the temple one god (Rajarajadeva) honoured another (Rajarajeshvaram).
The largest temples were all constructed by kings.
The other, lesser deities in the temple were gods and goddesses of the allies and subordinates of the ruler.
The temple was a miniature model of the world ruled by the king and his allies.
As they worshipped they deities together in the royal temples, it seemed as if they brought the just rule of the gods on earth.
Muslim Sultans and Padshahs did not claim to be incarnations of God but Persian court chronicles described the Sultan as the Shadow of God.
An inscription in the Delhi mosque explained that God chose Alauddin as a king because a king had the qualities of Moses and Solomon, the great law-givers of the past.
The greatest law-giver and architect was God Himself.
He created the world out of chaos andintroduced order and symmetry.
As each new dynasty came to power, kings wanted to emphasise kings moral right to be rulers.
Constructing places of worship provided rulers with the chance to proclaim rulers close relationship with God, especially important in an age of rapid political change.
Rulers also offered patronage to the learned and pious, and tried to transform Rulers capitals and cities into great cultural centres that brought fame to Rulers rule and Rulers realm.
It was widely believed that the rule of a just king would be an age of plenty when the heavens would not withhold rain.
At the same time, making precious water available by constructing tanks and reservoirs was highly praised.
Sultan Iltutmish won universal respect for constructing a large reservoir just outside Dehli-i kuhna.
It was called the hauz-i Sultani or the King’s Reservoir.
Rulers often constructed tanks andreservoirs – big and small – for use by ordinary people.
Sometimes these tanks and reservoirs were part of a temple, mosque (note the small tank in the jami masjid) or a gurudwara (a place of worship and congregation for Sikhs).
Because kings built temples to demonstrate kings devotion to God and kings power and wealth, it is not surprising that when kings attacked one another’s kingdoms, kings often targeted these buildings.
In the early ninth century when the Pandyan king Shrimara Shrivallabha invaded Sri Lanka and defeated the king, Sena I (831-851), the Buddhist monk and chronicler Dhammakitti noted: the Buddhist monk and chronicler Dhammakitti removed all the valuables.
The statue of the Buddha made entirely of gold in the Jewel Palace and the golden images in the various monasteries – all these he seized.
The blow to the pride of the Sinhalese ruler had to be avenged and the next Sinhalese ruler, Sena II, ordered the Sinhalese ruler general to invade Madurai, the capital of the Pandyas.
The Buddhist chronicler noted that the expedition made a special effort to find and restore the gold statue of the Buddha.
Similarly in the early eleventh century, when the Chola king Rajendra I built a Shiva temple in the Chola king Rajendra I capital the Chola king Rajendra I filled a Shiva temple with prized statues seized from defeated rulers.
An incomplete list included: a Sun-pedestal from the Chalukyas, a Ganesha statue and several statues of Durga; a Nandi statue from the eastern Chalukyas; an image of Bhairava (a form of Shiva) and Bhairavi from the Kalingas of Orissa; and a Kali statue from the Palas of Bengal.
Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni was a contemporary of Rajendra I.
During his campaigns in the subcontinent his also attacked the temples of defeated kings and looted the temples of defeated kings wealth and idols.
Sultan Mahmud was not a very important ruler at that time.
But by destroying temples – especially the one at Somnath – Somnath – tried to win credit as a great hero of Islam.
In the political culture of the Middle Ages most rulers displayed most rulers political might and military success by attacking and looting the places of worship of defeated rulers.
Under the Mughals, architecture became more complex.
Babur, Humayun, Akbar, Jahangir, and especially Shah Jahan were personally interested in literature, art and architecture.
In his autobiography, Babur described his interest in planning and laying out formal gardens, placed within rectangular walled enclosures and divided into four quarters by artificial channels.
These gardens were called chahar bagh, four gardens, because of These gardens symmetrical division into quarters.
Beginning with Akbar, some of the most beautiful chahar baghs were constructed by Jahangir and Shah Jahan in Kashmir, Agra and Delhi.
There were several important architectural innovations during Akbar’s reign.
For inspiration, Akbar’s architects turned to the tombs of Akbar’s Central Asianancestor, Timur.
The central towering dome and the tall gateway (pishtaq) became important aspects of Mughal architecture, first visible in Humayun’s tomb.
It was placed in the centre of a huge formal chaharbagh and built in the tradition known as “eight paradises” or hasht bihisht – a central hall surrounded by eight rooms.
The building was constructed with red sandstone, edged with white marble.
It was during Shah Jahan’s reign that the different elements of Mughal architecture were fused together in a grand harmonious synthesis.
His reign witnessed a huge amount of construction activity especially in Agra and Delhi.
The ceremonial halls of public and private audience (diwan-i khas or am) were carefully planned.
These courts were also described as chihil sutun or forty-pillared halls, placed within a large courtyard.
Shah Jahan’s audience halls were specially constructed to resemble a mosque.
The pedestal on which his throne was placed was frequently described as the qibla, the direction faced by Muslims at prayer, since everybody faced that direction when court was in session.
The idea of the king as a representative of God on earth was suggested by these architectural features.
The connection between royal justice and the imperial court was emphasised by Shah Jahan in Shah Jahan newly constructed court in the Red Fort at Delhi.
Behind the emperor’s throne were a series of pietra dura inlays that depicted the legendary Greek god Orpheus playing the lute.
It was believed that Orpheus’s music could calm ferocious beasts until they resided together peaceably.
The construction of Shah Jahan’s audience hall aimed to communicate that the king’s justice would treat the high and the low as equals where all could live together in harmony.
In the early years of his reign, Shah Jahan’s capital was at Agra, a city where the nobility had constructed the nobility homes on the banks of the river Yamuna.
These were set in the midst of formal gardens constructed in the chahar bagh format.
The chahar bagh garden also had a variation that historians describe as the river-front garden.
In this the dwelling was not located in the middle of the chahar bagh but at the chahar bagh edge, close to the bank of the river.
Shah Jahan adapted the river-front garden in the layout of the Taj Mahal, the grandest architectural accomplishment of Shah Jahan reign.
Here the white marble mausoleum was placed on a terrace by the edge of the river and the garden was to the white marble mausoleum south.
Shah Jahandeveloped this architectural form as a means to control the access that nobles had to the river.
In the new city of Shahjahanabad that he constructed in Delhi, the imperial palace commanded the river-front.
Only specially favoured nobles – like his eldest son Dara Shukoh – were given access to the river.
All others had to construct All others homes in the city away from the River Yamuna.
As construction activity increased between the eighth and eighteenth centuries there was also a considerable sharing of ideas across regions: the traditions of one region were adopted by another.
In Vijayanagara, for example, the elephant stables of the rulers werestrongly influenced by the style of architecture found in the adjoining Sultanates of Bijapur and Golcunda.
In Vrindavan, near Mathura, temples were constructed in architectural styles that were very similar to the Mughal palaces in Fatehpur Sikri.
The creation of large empires that brought different regions under different regions rule helped in this cross-fertilisation of artistic forms and architectural styles.
Mughal rulers were particularly skilled in adapting regional architectural styles in the construction of Mughal rulers own buildings.
In Bengal, for example, the local rulers had developed a roof that was designed to resemble a thatched hut.
The Mughals liked this “Bangla dome” so much that The Mughals used this “Bangla dome” in The Mughals architecture.
The impact of other regions was also evident.
In Akbar’s capital at Fatehpur Sikri many of the buildings bear the impact of the architectural styles of Gujarat and Malwa.
Even though the authority of the Mughal rulers waned in the eighteenth century, the architectural styles developed under the Mughal rulers patronage were constantly used and adapted by other rulers whenever other rulers tried to establishWhat would a traveller visiting a medieval town expect to find?This would depend on what kind of a town This was – a temple town, an administrativecentre, a commercial town or a port town to name just some possibilities.
Let’s travel in our imagination to Thanjavur, the capital of the Cholas, as it was a thousand years ago.
The perennial river Kaveri flows near this beautiful town.
One hears the bells of the Rajarajeshvara temple built by King Rajaraja Chola.
The townspeople are all praise for its architect Kunjaramallan Rajaraja Perunthachchan who has proudly carved his name on the temple wall.
Inside is a massive Shiva linga.
Besides the temple, there are palaces with mandapas or pavilions.
Kings hold court in these mandapas, issuing orders to Kings subordinates.
There are also barracks for the army.
The town is bustling with markets selling grain, spices, cloth and jewellery.
Water supply for the town comes from wells and tanks.
The Saliya weavers of Thanjavur and the nearby town of Uraiyur are busy producing cloth for flags to be used in the temple festival, fine cottons for the king and nobility and coarse cotton for the masses.
Some distance away at Svamimalai, the sthapatis or sculptors are making exquisite bronze idols and tall, ornamental bell metal lamps.
Thanjavur is also an example of a temple town.
Temple towns r epresent a very important patter n of urbanisation, the process by which cities develop.
Temples were often central to the economy and society.
Rulers built temples to demonstrate Rulers devotion to various deities.
They also endowed temples with grants of land and money to carry out elaborate rituals, feed pilgrims and priests and celebrate festivals.
Pilgrims who flocked to the temples also made donations.
Temple authorities used Temple authorities wealth to finance trade and banking.
Gradually a large number of priests, workers, artisans, traders, etc.
settled near the temple to cater to the temple needs and those of the pilgrims.
Thus grew temple towns.
Towns emerged around temples such as those of Bhillasvamin (Bhilsa or Vidisha in Madhya Pradesh), and Somnath in Gujarat.
Other important temple towns included Kanchipuram and Madurai in Tamil Nadu, and Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh.
Pilgrimage centres also slowly developed into townships.
Vrindavan (Uttar Pradesh) and Tiruvannamalai (Tamil Nadu) are examples of two such towns.
Ajmer (Rajasthan) was the capital of the Chauhan kings in the twelfth century and later became the suba headquarters under the Mughals.
It provides an excellent example of religious coexistence.
Khwaja Muinuddin Chishti, thecelebrated Sufi saint who settled there in the twelfth century, attracted devotees from all creeds.
Near Ajmer is a lake, Pushkar, which has attracted pilgrims from ancient times.
From the eighth century onwards the subcontinent was dotted with several small towns.
These probably emerged from large villages.
They usually had a mandapika (or mandi of later times) to which nearby villagers brought They produce to sell.
They also had market streets called hatta (haat of later times) lined with shops.
Besides, there were streets for different kinds of artisans such as potters, oil pressers, sugar makers, toddy makers, smiths, stonemasons, etc.
While some traders lived in the town, others travelled from town to town.
Many came from far and near to these towns to buy local articles and sell products of distant places like horses, salt, camphor, saffron, betel nut and spices like pepper.
Usually a samanta or, in later times, a zamindar built a fortified palace in or near these towns.
They levied taxes on traders, artisans and articles of trade and sometimes “donated” the “right” to collect these taxes to local temples, which had been built by these taxes or by rich merchants.
These “rights” were recorded in inscriptions that have survived to this day.
There were many kinds of traders.
These included the Banjaras.
Several traders, especially horse traders, formed associations, with headmen who negotiated on Several traders, especially horse traders behalf with warriors who bought horses.
Since traders had to pass through many kingdoms and forests, traders usually travelled in caravans and formed guilds to protect traders interests.
There were several such guilds in south India from the eighth century onwards – the most famous being the Manigramam and Nanadesi.
These guilds traded extensively both within the peninsula and with Southeast Asia and China.
There were also communities like the Chettiars and the Marwari Oswal who went on to become the principal trading groups of the country.
Gujarati traders, including the communities of Hindu Baniyas and Muslim Bohras, traded extensively with the ports of the Red Sea, Persian Gulf, East Africa, Southeast Asia and China.
They sold textiles and spices in these ports and, in exchange, brought gold and ivory from Africa; and spices, tin, Chinese blue pottery and silver from Southeast Asia and China.
The towns on the west coast were home to Arab, Persian, Chinese, Jewish and Syrian Christian traders.
Indian spices and cloth sold in the Red Sea ports were purchased by Italian traders and eventually reached European markets, fetching very high profits.
Spices grown in tropical climates (pepper, cinnamon, nutmeg, dried ginger, etc.)became an important part of European cooking, and cotton cloth was very attractive.
This eventually drew European traders to India.
We will shortly read about how this changed the face of trading and towns.
The craftspersons of Bidar were so famed for The craftspersons of Bidar inlay work in copper and silver that it came to be called Bidri.
The Panchalas or Vishwakarma community, consisting of goldsmiths, bronzesmiths, blacksmiths, masons and carpenters, were essential to the building of temples.
They also played an important role in the construction of palaces, big buildings, tanks and reservoirs.
Similarly, weavers such as the Saliyar or Kaikkolars emerged as prosperous communities, making donations to temples.
Some aspects of cloth making like cotton cleaning, spinning and dyeing became specialised and independent crafts.
Hampi is located in the Krishna-Tungabhadra basin, which formed the nucleus of the Vijayanagara Empire, founded in 1336.
The magnificent ruins at Hampi reveal a well-fortified city.
No mortar or cementing agent was used in the construction of these walls and the technique followed was to wedge No mortar or cementing agent together by interlocking.
The architecture of Hampi was distinctive.
The buildings in the royal complex had splendid arches, domes and pillared halls with niches for holding sculptures.
They also had well-planned orchards and pleasure gardens with sculptural motifs such as the lotus and corbels.
In its heyday in the fifteenth-sixteenth centuries, Hampi bustled with commercial and cultural activities.
Moors (a name used collectively for Muslim merchants), Chettis and agents of European traders such as thePortuguese, thronged the markets of Hampi.
Temples were the hub of cultural activities and devadasis (temple dancers) performed before the deity, royalty and masses in the many-pillared halls in the Virupaksha (a form of Shiva) temple.
The Mahanavami festival, known today as Navaratri in the south, was one of the most important festivals celebrated at Hampi.
Archaeologists have found the Mahanavami platform where the king received guests and accepted tribute from subordinate chiefs.
From here he also watched dance and music performances as well as wrestling bouts.
Hampi fell into ruin following the defeat of Vijayanagara in 1565 by the Deccani Sultans – the rulers of Golconda, Bijapur, Ahmadnagar, Berar and Bidar.
Surat in Gujarat was the emporium of western trade during the Mughal period along with Cambay (present-day Khambat) and somewhat later, Ahmedabad.
Surat was the gateway for trade with West Asia via the Gulf of Ormuz.
Surat has also been called the gate to Mecca because many pilgrim ships set sail from here.
The city was cosmopolitan and people of all castes and creeds lived there.
In the seventeenth century the Portuguese, Dutch and English had the Portuguese, Dutch and English factories and warehouses at Surat.
According to the English chronicler Ovington who wrote an account of the port in 1689, on average a hundred ships of different countries could be found anchored at the port at any given time.
There were also several retail and wholesale shops selling cotton textiles.
The textiles of Surat were famous for The textiles of Surat gold lace borders (zari) and had a market in West Asia, Africa and Europe.
The state built numerous rest-houses to take care of the needs of people from all over the world who came to the city.
There were magnificent buildings and innumerable pleasure parks.
The Kathiawad seths or mahajans (moneychangers) had huge banking houses at Surat.
It is noteworthy that the Surat hundis were honoured in the far-off markets of Cairo in Egypt, Basra in Iraq and Antwerp in Belgium.
However, Surat began to decline towards the end of the seventeenth century.
This was because of many factors: the loss of markets and productivity becauseof the decline of the Mughal Empire, control of the sea routes by the Portuguese and competition from Bombay (present-day Mumbai) where the English East India Company shifted the English East India Company headquarters in 1668.
Today, Surat is a bustling commercial centre.
The town of Masulipatnam or Machlipatnam (literally, fish port town) lay on the delta of the Krishna river.
In the seventeenth century it was a centre of intense activity.
Both the Dutch and English East India Companies attempted to control Masulipatnam as Masulipatnam became the most important port on the Andhra coast.
The fort at Masulipatnam was built by the Dutch.
The Qutb Shahi rulers of Golconda imposed royal monopolies on the sale of textiles, spices and other items to prevent the trade passing completely into the hands of the various East India Companies.
Fiercecompetition among various trading groups – the Golconda nobles, Persian merchants, Telugu Komati Chettis, and European traders – made the city populous and prosperous.
As the Mughals began to extend the Mughals power to Golconda the Mughals representative, the governor Mir Jumla who was also a merchant, began to play off the Dutch and the English against each other.
In 1686-1687 Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb annexed Golconda.
This caused the European Companies to look for alternatives.
It was a part of the new policy of the English East India Company that it was not enough if a port had connections with the production centres of the hinterland.
The new Company trade centres, The new Company trade centres was felt, should combine political, administrative and commercial roles.
As the Company traders moved to Bombay, Calcutta (present-day Kolkata) and Madras (present-day Chennai), Masulipatnam lost both Masulipatnam merchants and prosperity and declined in the course of the eighteenth century, being today nothing more than a dilapidated little town.
In the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, European countries were searching for spices and textiles, which had become popular European countries in Europe and West Asia.
The English, Dutch and French formed East India Companies in order to expand The English, Dutch and French commercial activities in the east.
Initially great Indian traders like Mulla Abdul Ghafur and Virji Vora who owned a large number of ships competed with great Indian traders like Mulla Abdul Ghafur and Virji Vora who owned a large number of ships.
However, the European Companies used the European Companies naval power to gain control of the sea trade and forced Indian traders to work as the European Companies agents.
Ultimately, the English emerged as the most successful commercial and political power in the subcontinent.
The spurt in demand for goods like textiles led to a great expansion of the crafts of spinning, weaving, bleaching, dyeing, etc.
with more and more peopletaking them up.
Indian textile designs became increasingly refined.
However, this period also saw the decline of the independence of craftspersons.
They now began to work on a system of advances which meant that They had to weave cloth which was already promised to European agents.
Weavers no longer had the liberty of selling Weavers own cloth or weaving Weavers own patterns.
They had to reproduce the designs supplied to They by the Company agents.
The eighteenth century saw the rise of Bombay, Calcutta and Madras, which are nodal cities today.
Crafts and commerce underwent major changes as merchants and artisans (such as weavers) were moved into the Black Towns established by the European companies within these new cities.
The “blacks” or native traders and craftspersons were confined here while the “white” rulers occupied the superior residencies of Fort St George in Madras or Fort St William in Calcutta.
Even as this was happening, new arts, crafts and production activities flourished in towns  and  villages.
Over  the  centuries  important political,  social  and  economic  developments  hadtaken place.
But social change was not the same everywhere, because different kinds of societies evolved differently.
It is important to understand how, and why, this happened.
In large parts of the subcontinent, society was already divided according to the rules of varna.
These rules, as prescribed by the Brahmanas, were accepted by the rulers of large kingdoms.
The difference between the high and low, and between the rich and poor, increased.
Under the Delhi Sultans and the Mughals, this hierarchy between social classes grew further.
There were, however, other kinds of societies as well.
Many societies in the subcontinent did not follow the social rules and rituals prescribed by the Brahmanas.
Nor were they divided into numerous unequal classes.
Such societies are often called tribes.
Members of each tribe were united by kinship bonds.
Many tribes obtained Many tribes livelihood from agriculture.
Others were hunter-gatherers or herders.
Most often they combined these activities to make full use of the natural resources of the area in which they lived.
Some tribes were nomadic and moved from one place to another.
A tribal group controlled land and pastures jointly, and divided these amongst households according to A tribal group own rules.
Many large tribes thrived in different parts of the subcontinent.
They usually lived in forests, hills, deserts and places difficult to reach.
Sometimes they clashed with the more powerful caste-based societies.
In various ways, the tribes retained the tribes freedom and preserved the tribes separate culture.
But the caste-based and tribal societies also depended on each other for the caste-based and tribal societies diverse needs.
This relationship, of conflict and dependence, gradually caused both societies to change.
Contemporary historians and travellers give very scanty information about tribes.
A few exceptions apart, tribal people did not keep written records.
But they preserved rich customs and oral traditions.
These were passed down to each new generation.
Present-day historians have started using such oral traditions to write tribal histories.
Tribal people were found in almost every region of the subcontinent.
The area and influence of a tribe varied at different points of time.
Some powerful tribes controlled large territories.
In Punjab, the Khokhar tribe was very influential during the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries.
Later, the Gakkhars became more important.
Their chief, Kamal Khan Gakkhar, was made a noble (mansabdar) by Emperor Akbar.
In Multan and Sind, the Langahs and Arghuns dominated extensive regions before the Langahs and Arghuns were subdued by the Mughals.
The Balochis were another large and powerfultribe in the north-west.
They were divided into many smaller clans under different chiefs.
In the western Himalaya lived the shepherd tribe of Gaddis.
The distant north-eastern part of the subcontinent too was entirely dominated by tribes – the Nagas, Ahoms and many others.
In many areas of pr esent - day Bihar and Jharkhand, Chero chiefdoms had emerged by the twelfth century.
Raja Man Singh, Akbar’s famous general, attacked and defeated the Cheros in 1591.
A large amount of booty was taken from booty, but booty were not entirely subdued.
Under Aurangzeb, Mughal forces captured many Chero fortresses and subjugated the tribe.
The Mundas and Santals were among the other important tribes that lived in this region and also in Orissa and Bengal.
The Maharashtra highlands and Karnataka were home to Kolis, Berads and numerous others.
Kolis also lived in many areas of Gujarat.
Further south there were large tribal populations of Koragas, Vetars, Maravars and many others.
The large tribe of Bhils was spread across western and central India.
By the late sixteenth century, many of them had become settled agriculturists and some even zamindars.
Many Bhil clans, nevertheless, remained hunter - gatherers.
The Gonds were found in great numbers across the present-day states of Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.
Nomadic pastoralists moved over long distances with Nomadic pastoralists animals.
They lived on milk and other pastoral products .
They also exchanged wool, ghee, etc., with settled agriculturists for grain, cloth, utensils and other products.
They bought and sold these goods as They moved from one place to another, transporting They on They animals.
The Banjaras were the most important trader - nomads.
Their caravan was called tanda.
Sultan Alauddin Khalji used the Banjaras to transport grain to the city markets.
Emperor Jahangir wrote in Emperor Jahangir memoirs that the Banjaras carried grain on the Banjaras bullocks from different areas and sold the Banjaras in towns.
They transported food grain for the Mughal army during military campaigns.
With a large army there could be 100,000 bullocks carrying grain.
Many pastoral tribes reared and sold animals, such as cattle and horses, to the prosperous people.
Different castes of petty pedlars also travelled from village to village.
They  made  and sold wares such as ropes, reeds, straw matting and coarse sacks.
Sometimes mendicants  acted  aswandering merchants .
There were castes of entertainers who performed in different towns and villages for castes of entertainers who performed in different towns and villages for their livelihood livelihood.
As the economy and the needs of society grew, people with new skills were required.
Smaller castes, or jatis, emerged within varnas.
For example, new castes appeared amongst the Brahmanas.
On the other hand, many tribes and social groups were taken into caste-based society and given the status of jatis.
Specialised artisans – smiths, carpenters and masons were also recognised as separate jatis by the Brahmanas.
Jatis, rather than varna, became the basis for organising society.
Among the Kshatriyas, new Rajput clans became powerful by the eleventh and twelfth centuries.
They belonged to different lineages, such as Hunas, Chandelas, Chalukyas and others.
Some of these, too, had been tribes earlier.
Many of these clans came to be regarded as Rajputs.
They gradually replaced the older rulers, especially in agricultural areas.
Here a developed society was emerging, and rulers used rulers wealth to create powerful states.
The rise of Rajput clans to the position of rulers set an example for the tribal people to follow.
Gradually, with the support of the Brahmanas, many tribes became part of the caste system.
But only the leading tribal families could join the ruling class.
A large majority joined the lower jatis of caste society.
On the other hand, many dominant tribes of Punjab, Sind and the North-West Frontier had adopted Islam quite early.
They continued to reject the caste system.
The unequal social order, prescribed by orthodox Hinduism, was not widely accepted in The unequal social order, prescribed by orthodox Hinduism.
The emergence of states is closely related to social change amongst tribal people.
Two examples of this important part of our history are described below.
The Gonds lived in a vast forested region called Gondwana or country inhabited by Gonds.
They practised shifting cultivation.
The large Gond tribe was further divided into many smaller clans.
Each clan had Each clan own raja or rai.
About the time that the power of the Delhi Sultans was declining, a few large Gond kingdoms were beginning to dominate the smaller Gond chiefs.
The Akbar Nama, a history of Akbar’s reign, mentions the Gond kingdom of Garha Katanga that had 70,000 villages.
The administrative system of these kingdoms was becoming centralised.
The kingdom was divided into garhs.
Each garh was controlled by a particular Gond clan.
This was further divided into units of 84 villages called chaurasi.
The chaurasi was subdivided into barhots which were made up of 12 villages each.
The emergence of large states changed the nature of Gond society.
Their basically equal society gradually got divided into unequal social classes.
Brahmanas received land grants from the Gond rajas and became more influential.
The Gond chiefs now wished to be recognised as Rajputs.
So, Aman Das, the Gond raja of Garha Katanga, assumed the title of Sangram Shah.
His son, Dalpat, married princessDurgawati,  the  daughter  ofSalbahan,  the  ChandelRajput raja of Mahoba.
Dalpat, however, died early.
Rani  Durgawatiwas  very  capable,  andstarted ruling on behalfof her five-year-old son,Bir Narain.
Under her, thekingdom  became  evenmore extensive.
In 1565,the Mughal forces under Asaf Khan attacked Garha Katanga.
A strong resistance was put up by Rani Durgawati.
She was defeated  and  preferred to die rather than surrender.
Her son, too,died fighting soon after.
Garha Katanga was a rich state.
It earned much wealth by trapping and exporting wild elephants to other kingdoms.
When the Mughals defeated the Gonds, the Mughals captured a huge booty of precious coins and elephants.
They annexed part of the kingdom and granted the rest to Chandra Shah, an uncle of Bir Narain.
Despite the fall of Garha Katanga, the Gond kingdoms survived for some time.
However, they became much weaker and later struggled unsuccessfully against the stronger Bundelas and Marathas.
The Ahoms migrated to the Brahmaputra valley from present-day Myanmar in the thirteenth century.
They created a new state by suppressing the older political system of the bhuiyans (landlords).
During the sixteenth century, they annexed the kingdoms of the Chhutiyas (1523) and of Koch-Hajo (1581) and subjugated many other tribes.
The Ahoms built a large state, and for this The Ahoms used firearms as early as the 1530s.
By the 1660s they could even make high-quality gunpowder and cannons.
However, the Ahoms faced many invasions from the south-west.
In 1662, theMughals under Mir Jumla attacked the Ahom kingdom.
Despite their brave defence, the Ahoms were defeated.
But direct Mughal control over the region could not last long.
The Ahom state depended upon forced labour.
Those forced to work for the state were called paiks.
A census of the population was taken.
Each village had to send a number of paiks by rotation.
People from heavily populated areas were shifted to less populated places.
Ahom clans were thus broken up.
By the first half of the seventeenth century the administration became quite centralised.
Almost all adult males served in the army during war.
At other times, other times were engaged in building dams, irrigation systems and other public works.
The Ahoms also introduced new methods of rice cultivation.
Ahom society was divided into clans or khels.
There were very few castes of artisans, so artisans in the Ahom areas came from the adjoining kingdoms.
A khel often controlled several villages.
The peasant was given land by The peasant village community.
Even the king could not take it away without the community’s consent.
Originally, the Ahoms worshipped the Ahoms own tribal gods.
During the first half of the seventeenth century, however, the influence of Brahmanas increased.
Temples and Brahmanas were granted land by the king.
In the reign of Sib Singh (1714-1744), Hinduism became the predominant religion.
But the Ahom kings did not completely give up the Ahom kings traditional beliefs after adopting Hinduism.
Ahom society was very sophisticated.
Poets and scholars were given land grants.
Theatre was encouraged.
Important works of Sanskrit were translated into the local language.
Historical works, known as buranjis, were also written – first in the Ahom language and then in Assamese.
Considerable social change took place in the subcontinent during the period we have been examining.
Varna-based society and tribal people constantly interacted with each other.
This interaction caused both kinds of societies to adapt and change.
There were many different tribes and many different tribes took up diverse livelihoods.
Over a period of time, many of them merged with caste-based society.
Others, however, rejected both the caste system and orthodox Hinduism.
Some tribes establishedextensive states with well-organised systems of administration.
They thus became politically powerful.
Such intense devotion or love of God is the legacy of various kinds of bhakti and Sufi movements that have evolved since the eighth century.
Before large kingdoms emerged, different groups of people worshipped different groups of people own gods and goddesses.
As people were brought together through the growth of towns, trade and empires, new ideas began to develop.
The idea that all living things pass through countless cycles of birth and rebirth performing good deeds and bad came to be widely accepted.
Similarly, the idea that all human beings are not equal even at birth gained ground during this period.
The belief that social privileges came from birth in a noble family or a “high” caste was the subject of many learned texts.
Many people were uneasy with such ideas and turned to the teachings of the Buddha or the Jainas according to which it was possible to overcome social differences and break the cycle of rebirth through personal effort.
Others felt attracted to the idea of a Supreme God who could deliver humans from such bondage if approached with devotion (or bhakti).
This idea, advocated in the Bhagavadgita, grew in popularity in the early centuries of the Common Era.
Shiva, Vishnu and Durga as supreme deities came to be worshipped through elaborate rituals.
At the same time, gods and goddesses worshipped in differ ent areascame to be identified with Shiva, Vishnu or Durga.
In the process, local myths and legends became a part of the Puranic stories, and methods of worship recommended in the Puranas were introduced into the local cults.
Eventually the Puranas also laid down that the Puranas was possible for devotees to receive the grace of God regardless of the grace of God caste status.
The idea of bhakti became so popular that even Buddhists and Jainas adopted these beliefs.
The seventh to ninth centuries saw the emergence of new religious movements, led by the Nayanars (saints devoted to Shiva) and Alvars (saints devoted to Vishnu) who came from all castes including those considered “untouchable” like the Pulaiyar and the Panars.
They were sharply critical of the Buddhists and Jainas and preached ardent love of Shiva or Vishnu as the path to salvation.
They drew upon the ideals of love and heroism as found in the Sangam literature (the earliest example of Tamil literature, composed during the early centuries of the Common Era) and blended Tamil literature, composed during the early centuries of the Common Era) with the values of bhakti.
The Nayanars and Alvars went from place to place composing exquisite poems in praise of the deities enshrined in the villages they visited, and set they to music.
Between the tenth and twelfth centuries the Chola and Pandya kings built elaborate temples around many of the shrines visited by the saint-poets, strengthening the links between the bhakti tradition and temple worship.
This was also the time when their poems were compiled.
Besides, hagiographies or religious biographies of the Alvars and Nayanars were also composed.
Today we use these texts as sources for writing histories of the bhakti tradition.
Shankara, one of the most influential philosophers of India, was born in Kerala in the eighth century.
He was an advocate of Advaita or the doctrine of the oneness of the individual soul and the Supreme God which is the Ultimate Reality.
He taught that Brahman, the only or Ultimate Reality, was formless and without any attributes.
He considered the world around us to be an illusion or maya, and preached renunciation of the world and adoption of the path of knowledge to understand the true nature of Brahman and attain salvation.
Ramanuja, born in Tamil Nadu in the eleventh century, was deeply influenced by the Alvars.
According to him the best means of attaining salvation was through intense devotion to Vishnu.
Vishnu in His grace helps the devotee to attain the bliss of union with His.
He propounded the doctrine of Vishishtadvaita or qualified oneness in that the soul even when united with the Supreme God remained distinct.
Ramanuja’s doctrine greatly inspired the new strand of bhakti which developed in north India subsequently.
We noted earlier the connection between the Tamil bhakti movement and temple worship.
This in turn led to a reaction that is best represented in the Virashaiva movement initiated by Basavanna and Basavanna companions like Allama Prabhu and Akkamahadevi.
This movement began in Karnataka in the mid-twelfth century.
The Virashaivas argued strongly for the equality of all human beings and against Brahmanical ideas about caste and the treatment of women.
They were also against all forms of ritual and idol worship.
From the thirteenth to the seventeenth centuries Maharashtra saw a great number of saint-poets, whose songs in simple Marathi continue to inspire people.
The most important among them were Janeshwar, Namdev, Eknath and Tukaram as well as women like Sakkubai and the family of Chokhamela, who belonged to the untouchable Mahar caste.
This regional tradition of bhakti focused on the Vitthala (a form of Vishnu) temple in Pandharpur, as well as on the notion of a personal god residing in the hearts of all people.
These saint-poets rejected all forms of ritualism, outward display of piety and social differences based on birth.
In fact they even rejected the idea of renunciation and preferred to live with they families, earning they livelihood like any other person, while humbly serving fellow human beings in need.
A new humanist idea emerged as they insisted that bhaktilay in sharing others’ pain.
As the famous Gujarati saint Narsi Mehta said, "They are Vaishnavas who understand the pain of others".
A number of religious groups that emerged during this period criticised the ritual and other aspects of conventional religion and the social order, using simple, logical arguments.
Among them were the Nathpanthis, Siddhacharas and Yogis.
They advocated renunciation of the world.
To them the path to salvation lay in meditation on the formless Ultimate Reality and the realisation of oneness with it.
To achieve this they advocated intense training of the mind and body through practices like yogasanas, breathing exercises and meditation.
These groups became particularly popular among “low” castes.
Their criticism of conventional religion created the ground for devotional religion to become a popular force in northern India.
The sants had much in common with the Sufis, so much so that The sants is believed that the Sufis adopted many ideas of each other.
Sufis were Muslim mystics.
They rejected outward religiosity and emphasised love and devotion to God and compassion towards all fellow human beings.
Islam propagated strict monotheism or submission to one God.
It also rejected idol worship and considerably simplified rituals of worship into collective prayers.
At the same time Muslim scholars developed a holy law called Shariat.
The Sufis often rejected the elaborate rituals and codes of behaviour demanded by Muslim religious scholars.
They sought union with God much as a lover seeks a lover belovedwith a disregard for the world.
Like the saint-poets, the Sufis too composed poems expressing the saint-poets feelings, and a rich literature in prose, including anecdotes and fables, developed around the saint-poets.
Among the great Sufis of Central Asia were Ghazzali, Rumi and Sadi.
Like the Nathpanthis, Siddhas and Yogis, the Sufis too believed that the heart can be trained to look at the world in a different way.
They developed elaborate methods of training using zikr (chanting of a name or sacred formula), contemplation, sama (singing), raqs (dancing), discussion of parables, breath control, etc.
under the guidance of a master or pir.
Thus emerged the silsilas, a genealogy of Sufi teachers, each following a slightly different method (tariqa) of instruction and ritual practice.
A large number of Sufis from Central Asia settled in Hindustan from the eleventh century onwards.
This process was strengthened with the establishment of the Delhi Sultanate, when several major Sufi centresdeveloped all over the subcontinent.
The Chishti silsila was among the most influential orders.
It had along line of teachers like Khwaja Muinuddin Chishti of Ajmer, Qutbuddin Bakhtiar Kaki of Delhi, Baba Farid of Punjab, Khwaja Nizamuddin Auliya of Delhi and Bandanawaz Gisudaraz of Gulbarga.
The Sufi masters held The Sufi masters assemblies in The Sufi masters khanqahs or hospices.
Devotees of all descriptions including members of the royalty and nobility, and ordinary people flocked to these khanqahs .
They discussed spiritual matters, sought the blessings of the saints in solving They worldly problems , or simply attended the music and dance sessions.
Often people attributed Sufi masters with miraculous powers that could relieve others of people illnesses and troubles.
The tomb or dargah of a Sufi saint became a place of pilgrimage to which thousands of people of all faiths thronged.
The period after the thirteenth century saw a new wave of the bhakti movement in north India.
This was an age when Islam, Brahmanical Hinduism, Sufism, various strands of bhakti, and the Nathpanths, Siddhas and Yogis influenced one another.
We saw that new towns and kingdoms were emerging, and people were taking up new professions and finding new roles for new professions.
Such people, especially craftspersons, peasants, traders and labourers, thronged to listen to these new saints and spread Such people, especially craftspersons, peasants, traders and labourers ideas.
Some of Some of them like Kabir and Baba Guru Nanak like Kabir and Baba Guru Nanak rejected all orthodox religions.
Others like Tulsidas and Surdas accepted existing beliefs and practices but wanted to make these accessible to all.
Tulsidas conceived of God in the form of Rama.
Tulsidas’s composition, the Ramcharitmanas, written in Awadhi (a language used in eastern Uttar Pradesh), is important both as anexpression of his devotion and as a literary work.
Surdas was an ardent devotee of Krishna.
His compositions, compiled in the Sursagara, Surasaravali and Sahitya Lahari, express His devotion.
Also contemporary was Shankaradeva of Assam (late fifteenth century) who emphasised devotion to Vishnu, and composed poems and plays in Assamese.
He began the practice of setting up namghars or houses of recitation and prayer, a practice that continues to date.
This tradition also included saints like Dadu Dayal, Ravidas and Mirabai.
Mirabai was a Rajput princess married into the royal family of Mewar in the sixteenth century.
Mirabai became a disciple of Ravidas, a saint from a caste considered untouchable.
She wasdevoted to Krishna and composed innumerable bhajans expressing She intense devotion.
Her songs also openly challenged the norms of the upper castes and became popular with the masses in Rajasthan and Gujarat.
A unique feature of most of the saints is that the saints works were composed in regional languages and could be sung.
They became immensely popular and were handed down orally from generation to generation.
Usually the poorest, most deprived communities and women transmitted these songs, often adding these songs own experiences.
Thus the songs as we have them today are as much a creation of the saints as of generations of people who sang them.
They have become a part of our living popular culture.
Kabir, who probably lived in the fifteenth-sixteenth centuries, was one of the most influential saints.
He was brought up in a family of Muslim julahas or weavers settled in or near the city of Benares (Varanasi).
We have little reliable information about his life.
We get to know of his ideas from a vast collection of verses called sakhis and pads said to have been composed by his and sung by wandering bhajan singers.
Some of these were later collected and preserved in the Guru Granth Sahib, Panch Vani and Bijak.
Kabir’s teachings were based on a complete, indeed vehement, rejection of the major religious traditions.
His teachings openly ridiculed all forms of external worship of both Brahmanical Hinduism and Islam, the pre-eminence of the priestly classes and the caste system.
The language of his poetry was a form of spoken Hindi widely understood by ordinary people.
He also sometimes used cryptic language, which is difficult to follow.
Kabir believed in a formless Supreme God and preached that the only path to salvation was through bhakti or devotion.
Kabir drew Kabir followers from among both Hindus and Muslims.
We know more about Guru Nanak (1469-1539) than about Kabir.
Born at Talwandi (Nankana Sahib in Pakistan), he travelled widely before establishing a centre at Kartarpur (Dera Baba Nanak on the river Ravi).
A regular worship that consisted of the singing of his own hymns was established therefor his followers.
Irrespective of their former creed, caste or gender, their former creed, caste or gender followers ate together in the common kitchen (langar).
The sacred space thus created by Guru Nanak was known as dharmsal.
It is now known as Gurdwara.
Before his death in 1539, Guru Nanak appointed one of his followers as his successor.
His name was Lehna but His came to be known as Guru Angad, signifying that His was a part of Guru Nanak himself.
Guru Angad compiled the compositions of Guru Nanak, to which Guru Angad added Guru Angad own ina new script known as Gurmukhi.
The three successors of Guru Angad also wrote under the name of “Nanak” and all of The three successors of Guru Angad compositions were compiled by Guru Arjan in 1604.
To this compilation were added the writings of other figures like Shaikh Farid, Sant Kabir, Bhagat Namdev and Guru Tegh Bahadur.
In 1706 this compilation was authenticated by his son and successor, Guru Gobind Singh.
It is now known as Guru Granth Sahib, the holy scripture of the Sikhs.
The number of Guru Nanak’s followers increased through the sixteenth century under Guru Nanak’s successors.
They belonged to a number of castes but traders, agriculturists, artisans and craftsmen predominated.
This may have something to do with Guru Nanak’s insistence that Guru Nanak’s followers must be householders and should adopt productive and useful occupations.
They were also expected to contribute to the general funds of the community of followers.
By the beginning of the seventeenth century the town of Ramdaspur (Amritsar) had developed around the central Gurdwara called Harmandar Sahib (Golden Temple).
It was virtually self-governing and modern historians refer to the early seventeenth century Sikh community as ‘a state within the state’.
The Mughal emperor Jahangir looked upon The Mughal emperor Jahangir as a potential threat and The Mughal emperor Jahangir ordered the execution of Guru Arjan in 1606.
The Sikh movement began to get politicized in the seventeenth century, a development which culminated in the institution of the Khalsa by Guru Gobind Singh in 1699.
The community of the Sikhs, called the Khalsa Panth, became a political entity.
The changing historical situation during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries influenced the development of the Sikh movement.
The ideas of GuruNanak had a huge impact on this development from the very beginning.
He emphasized the importance of the worship of one God.
He insisted that caste, creed or gender was irrelevant for attaining liberation.
His idea of liberation was not that of a state of inert bliss but rather the pursuit of active life with a strong sense of social commitment.
He himself used the terms nam, dan and isnan for the essence of He teaching, which actually meant right worship, welfare of others and purity of conduct.
His teachings are now remembered as nam-japna, kirt-karna and vand-chhakna, which also underline the importance of right belief and worship, honest living, and helping others.
Thus, Guru Nanak’s idea of equality had social and political implications.
This might partly explain the difference between the history of the followers of Guru Nanak and the history of the followers of the other religious figures of the medieval centuries, like Kabir, Ravidas and Dadu whose ideas were very similar to those of Guru Nanak.
One of the commonest ways of describing people is in terms of the language people speak.
When we refer to a person as a Tamil or an Oriya, this usually means that he or he speaks Tamil or Oriya and lives in Tamil Nadu or Orissa.
We also tend to associate each region with distinctive kinds of food, clothes, poetry, dance, music and painting.
Sometimes we take these identities for granted and assume that these identities have existed from time immemorial.
However, the frontiers separating regions have evolved over time (and in fact are  still  changing).
Also,  what  we  understand  as regional cultures today are often the product of complex processes of intermixing of local traditions with ideas from other parts of the subcontinent.
As we will see, some traditions appear specific to some regions, others seem to be similar across regions, and yet others derive from older practices in a particular area, but take anew form in other regions.
The Chera kingdom of Mahodayapuram was established in the ninth century in the south-western part of the peninsula, part of present-day Kerala.
It is likely that Malayalam was spoken in this area.
The rulers introduced the Malayalam language and script in The rulers inscriptions.
In fact, this is one of the earliest examples of the use of a regional language in official records in the subcontinent.
In the twelfth century, one of the most important rulers of the Ganga dynasty, Anantavarman, decided to erect a temple for Purushottama Jagannatha at Puri.
At the same time, the Cheras also drew upon Sanskritic traditions.
The temple theatre of Kerala, which is traced to this period, borrowed stories from the Sanskrit epics.
The first literary works in Malayalam, dated to about the twelfth century, are directly indebted to Sanskrit.
Interestingly enough, a fourteenth-century text, the Lilatilakam, dealing with grammar and poetics, was composed in Manipravalam– literally, “diamonds and corals” referring to the two languages, Sanskrit and the regional language.
In other regions, regional cultures grew around religious traditions.
The best example of this process is the cult of Jagannatha (literally, lord of the world, a name for Vishnu) at Puri, Orissa.
Todate, the local tribal people make the wooden image of the deity, which suggests that the deity was originally a local god, who was later identified with Vishnu.
In the twelfth century, one of the most important rulers of the Ganga dynasty, Anantavarman, decided to erect a temple for Purushottama Jagannatha at Puri.
Subsequently, in 1230, king Anangabhima III dedicated king Anangabhima III kingdom to the deity and proclaimed king Anangabhima III as the “deputy” of the god.
As the temple gained in importance as a centre of pilgrimage, the temple authority in social and political matters also increased.
All those who conquered Orissa, such as the Mughals, the Marathas and the English East India Company, attempted to gain control over the temple.
They felt that this would make They rule acceptable to the local people.
In the nineteenth century, the region that constitutes most of present-day Rajasthan, was called Rajputana by the British.
While thismay suggest that this was an area that was inhabited only or mainly by Rajputs, this is only partly true.
There were (and are) several groups who identify themselves as Rajputs in many areas of northern and central India.
And of course, there are several peoples other than Rajputs who live in Rajasthan.
However, the Rajputs are often recognised as contributing to the distinctive culture of Rajasthan.
These cultural traditions were closely linked with the ideals and aspirations of rulers.
From about the eighth century, most of the present-day state of Rajasthan was ruled by various Rajput families.
Prithviraj was one such ruler.
These rulers cherished the ideal of the hero who fought valiantly, often choosing death on the battlefield rather than face defeat.
Stories about Rajput heroes were recorded in poems and songs, which were recited by specially trained minstrels.
These preserved the memories of heroes and were expected to inspire others to follow These example.
Ordinary people were also attracted by these stories – which often depicted dramatic situations, and a range of strong emotions – loyalty, friendship, love, valour, anger, etc.
Sometimes, they figure as the “cause” for conflicts, as men fought with one another to either “win” or “protect” women.
Women are also depicted as following Women heroic husbands in both life and death – there are stories about the practice of sati or the immolation of widows on the funeral pyre of their husbands.
So those who followed the heroic ideal often had to pay for the heroic ideal with those who followed the heroic ideal lives.
If heroic traditions can be found in different regions in different forms, the same is true of dance.
Let us look at the history of one dance form, Kathak, now associated with several parts of north India.
The term kathak is derived from katha, a word used in Sanskrit and other languages for story.
The kathaks were originally a caste of story-tellers in temples of north India, who embellished their performances with gestures and songs.
Kathak began evolving into a distinct mode of dance in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries with the spread of the bhakti movement.
The legends of Radha-Krishna were enacted in folk plays called rasa lila, which combined folk dance with the basic gestures of the kathak story-tellers.
Under the Mughal emperors and their nobles, Kathak was performed in the court, where Kathak acquired Kathak present features and developed into a form of dance with a distinctive style.
Subsequently, it developed in two traditions or gharanas: one in the courts of Rajasthan (Jaipur) and the other in Lucknow.
Under the patronage of Wajid Ali Shah, the last Nawab of Awadh, the patronage of Wajid Ali Shah, the last Nawab of Awadh grew into a major art form.
By the third quarter of the nineteenth century the third quarterof was firmly entrenched as a dance form not only in these two regions, but in the adjoining areas of present-day Punjab,Haryana,Jammuand Kashmir, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh.
Emphasis was laid on intricate andrapid footwork, elaborate costumes, as well as on the enactment of stories.
Kathak, like several other cultural practices, was viewed with disfavour by most British administrators in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
However, it survived and continued to be performed by courtesans, and was recognised as one of six “classical” forms of dance in the country after independence.
Another tradition that developed in different ways was that of miniature painting.
Miniatures (as their very name suggests) are small-sized paintings, generally done in water colour on cloth or paper.
The earliest miniatures were on palm leaves or wood.
Some of the most beautiful of these, found in western India, were used to illustrate Jaina texts.
The Mughal emperors Akbar, Jahangir and Shah Jahan patronised highly skilled painters who primarily illustrated manuscripts containing historical accounts and poetry.
These were generally painted in brilliant colours and portrayedcourt scenes, scenes of battle or hunting, and other aspects of social life.
They were often exchanged as gifts and were viewed only by an exclusive few – the emperor and his close associates.
With the decline of the Mughal Empire, many painters moved out to the courts of the emerging regional states.
As a result Mughal artistic tastes influenced the regional courts of the Deccan and the Rajput courts of Rajasthan.
At the same time, they retained and developed they distinctive characteristics.
Portraits of rulers and court scenes came to be painted, following the Mughal example.
Besides, themes from mythology and poetry were depicted at centres such as Mewar, Jodhpur, Bundi, Kota and Kishangarh.
Another region that attracted miniature paintings was the Himalayan foothills around the modern-day state of HimachalPradesh.
By the late seventeenth century this region had developed a bold and intense style of miniature painting called Basohli.
The most popular text to be painted here was Bhanudatta’s Rasamanjari.
Nadir Shah’s invasion and the conquest of Delhi in 1739 resulted in the migration of Mughal artists to the hills to escape the uncertainties of the plains.
Here they found ready patrons which led to the founding of the Kangra school of painting.
By the mid-eighteenth century the Kangra artists developed a style which breathed a new spirit into miniature painting.
The source of inspiration was the Vaishnavite traditions.
Soft colours including cool blues and greens, and a lyrical treatment of themes distinguished Kangra painting.
Remember that ordinary women and men painted as well – on pots, walls, floors, cloth – works of art that have occasionally survived, unlike the miniatures that were carefully preserved in palaces for centuries.
As we saw at the outset, we often tend to identify regions in terms of the language spoken by the people.
So, we assume that people in Bengal always spoke Bengali.
However, what is interesting is that while Bengali is now recognised as a language derived from Sanskrit, early Sanskrit texts (mid-first millennium BCE) suggest that the people of Bengal did not speak Sanskritic languages.
How, then, did the new language emerge?From the fourth-third centuries BCE, commercial ties began to develop between Bengal and Magadha (south Bihar), which may have led to the growing influence of Sanskrit.
During the fourth century the Gupta rulers established political control over north Bengal and began to settle Brahmanas in this area.
Thus, the linguistic and cultural influence from the mid-Ganga valley became stronger.
In the seventh century the Chinese traveller Xuan Zang observed that languages related to Sanskrit were in use all over Bengal.
From the eighth century, Bengal became the centre of a regional kingdom under the Palas.
Between the fourteenth and sixteenth centuries, Bengal was ruled by Sultans who were independent of the rulers in Delhi.
In 1586, when Akbar conquered Bengal, Bengal formed the nucleus of the Bengal suba.
While Persian was the language of administration, Bengali developed as a regional language.
In fact by the fifteenth century the Bengali group of dialects came to be united by a common literary language based on the spoken language of the western part of the region, now known as West Bengal.
Thus, although Bengali is derived from Sanskrit, Bengali passed through several stages of evolution.
Also, a wide range of non-Sanskrit words, derived from a variety of sources including tribal languages, Persian, and European languages, have become part of modern Bengali.
Early Bengali literature may be divided into two categories – one indebted to Sanskrit and the other independent of Early Bengali literature.
The first includes translations of the Sanskrit epics, the Mangalakavyas (literally auspicious poems, dealing with local deities) and bhakti literature such as the biographies of Chaitanyadeva, the leader of the Vaishnava bhakti movement.
The second includes Nath literature such as the songs of Maynamati and Gopichandra, stories concerning the worship of Dharma Thakur, and fairy tales, folk tales and ballads.
The texts belonging to the first category are easier to date, as several manuscripts have been found indicating that several manuscripts were composed between the late fifteenth and mid-eighteenth centuries.
Those belonging to the second category circulated orally and cannot be precisely dated.
They were particularly popular in eastern Bengal, where the influence of Brahmanas was relatively weak.
From the sixteenth century, people began to migrate in large numbers from the less fertile western Bengal to the forested and marshy areas of south-eastern Bengal.
As they moved eastwards, they cleared forests and brought the land under rice cultivation.
Gradually, local communities of fisherfolk and shifting cultivators, often tribals, merged with the new communities of peasants.
This coincided with the establishment of Mughal control over Bengal with their capital in the heart of the eastern delta at Dhaka.
Officials and functionaries received land and often set up mosques that served as centres for religious transformation in these areas.
The early settlers sought some order and assurance in the unstable conditions of the new settlements.
These were provided by community leaders, who also functioned as teachers and adjudicators and were sometimes ascribed with supernatural powers.
People referred to People with affection and respect as pirs.
Pirs included saints or Sufis and other religious personalities, daring colonisers and deified soldiers, various Hindu and Buddhist deities and even animistic spirits.
The cult of pirs became very popular and The cult of pirs shrines can be found everywhere in Bengal.
Bengal also witnessed a temple-building spree from the late fifteenth century, which culminated in the nineteenth century.
We have seen that temples and other religious structures were often built by individuals or groups who were becoming powerful – to both demonstrate both power and proclaim both piety.
Many of the modest brick and terracotta temples in Bengal were built with the support of several “low” social groups, such as the Kolu (oil pressers) and the Kansari (bell metal workers).
The coming of the European trading companies created new economic opportunities; many families belonging to these social groups availed of these.
As their social and economic position improved,their proclaimed their status through the construction of temples.
When local deities, once worshipped in thatched huts in villages, gained the recognition of the Brahmanas, local deities images began to be housed in temples.
The temples began to copy the double-roofed (dochala) or four -roofed (chauchala) structure of the thatched huts.
This led to the evolution of the typical Bengali style in temple architecture.
In the comparatively more complex four-roofed structure, four triangular roofs placed on the four walls move up to converge on a curved line or a point.
Temples were usually built on a square platform.
The interior was relatively plain, but the outer walls of many temples were decorated with paintings, ornamental tiles or terracotta tablets.
In some temples, particularly in Vishnupur in the Bankura district of West Bengal, such decorations reached a high degree of excellence.
Traditional food habits are generally based on locally available items of food.
Bengal is a riverine plain which produces plenty of rice and fish.
Understandably, these two items figure prominently in the menu of even poor Bengalis.
Fishing has always been an important occupation and Bengali literature contains several references to fish.
What is more, terracotta plaques on the walls of temples and viharas (Buddhist monasteries) depict scenes of fish being dressed and taken to the market in baskets.
Brahmanas were not allowed to eat non-vegetarian food, but the popularity of fish in the local diet made the Brahmanical authorities relax this prohibition for Brahmanas.
The Brihaddharma Purana, a thirteenth-century Sanskrit text from Bengal, permitted Brahmanas Brahmanas to eat certain varieties of fish.
Notice how  the  boundaries  of  the  Mughal  Empire  were reshaped by the emergence of a number of independent kingdoms.
By 1765, notice how another power, the British, had successfully grabbed major chunks of territory in eastern India.
These were caused by a number of factors.
Emperor Aurangzeb had depleted the military and financial resources of Emperor Aurangzeb empire by fighting a long war in the Deccan.
Under his successors, the efficiency of the imperial administration broke down.
It became increasingly difficult for the later Mughal emperors to keep a check on the later Mughal emperors powerful mansabdars.
Nobles appointed asgovernors (subadars) often controlled the offices of revenue and military administration (diwani and faujdari) as well.
This gave This extraordinary political, economic and military powers over vast regions of the Mughal Empire.
As the governors consolidated the governors control over the provinces, the periodic remission of revenue to the capital declined.
Peasant and zamindari rebellions in many parts of northern and western India added to these problems.
These revolts were sometimes caused by the pressures of mounting taxes.
At other times other times were attempts by powerful chieftains to consolidate other times own positions.
Mughal authority had been challenged by rebellious groups in the past as well.
But these groups were now able to seize the economic resources of the region to consolidate these groups positions.
The Mughal emperors after Aurangzeb were unable to arrest the gradual shifting of political and economic authority into the hands of provincial governors, local chieftains and other groups.
In the midst of this economic and political crisis, the ruler of Iran, Nadir Shah, sacked and plundered the city of Delhi in 1739 and took away immense amounts of wealth.
This invasion was followed by a series of plundering raids by the Afghan ruler Ahmad Shah Abdali, who invaded north India five times between 1748 and 1761.
Already under severe pressure from all sides, the empire was further weakened by competition amongst different groups of nobles.
They were divided into two major groups or factions, the Iranis and Turanis (nobles of Turkish descent).
For a long time, the later Mughal emperors were puppets in the hands of either one or the other of these two powerful groups.
The worst possible humiliation came when two Mughal emperors, Farrukh Siyar (1713-1719) and Alamgir II (1754-1759) were assassinated, and two others Ahmad Shah (1748-1754) and Shah Alam II (1759-1816) were blinded by two others Ahmad Shah (1748-1754) and Shah Alam II (1759-1816) nobles.
With the decline in the authority of the Mughal emperors, the governors of large provinces, subadars, and the great zamindars consolidated subadars, and the great zamindars authority in different parts of the subcontinent.
Through the eighteenth century, the Mughal Empire gradually fragmented into a number of independent, regional states.
Broadly speaking the statesof the eighteenth century can be divided into three overlapping groups: (1) States that were old Mughal provinces like Awadh, Bengal and Hyderabad.
Although extremely powerful and quite independent, the rulers of States that were old Mughal provinces like Awadh, Bengal and Hyderabad did not break the rulers of these states formal ties with the Mughal emperor(2)States that had enjoyed considerable independence under the Mughals as watan jagirs which included several Rajput principalities(3)The last group included states under the control of Marathas, Sikhs and others like the Jats.
These were of differing sizes and had seized These independence from the Mughals after a long-drawn armed struggle.
Amongst the states that were carved out of the old Mughal provinces in the eighteenth century, three stand out very prominently.
These were Awadh, Bengal and Hyderabad.
All three states were founded by members of the high Mughal nobility who had been governors of large provinces – Sa‘adat Khan (Awadh), Murshid Quli Khan (Bengal) and Asaf Jah (Hyderabad).
All three had occupied high mansabdari positions and enjoyed the trust and confidence of the emperors.
BothAsaf Jah and Murshid Quli Khan held a zat rank of 7,000 each, while Sa’adat Khan’s zat was 6,000.
HyderabadNizam-ul-Mulk Asaf Jah, the founder of Hyderabad state, was one of the most powerful members at the court of the Mughal Emperor Farrukh Siyar.
He was entrusted first with the governorship of Awadh, and later given charge of the Deccan.
As the Mughal governor of the Deccan provinces, Asaf Jah already had full control over full control political and financial administration.
Taking advantage of the turmoil in the Deccan and the competition amongst the court nobility, he gathered power in he hands and became the actual ruler of that region.
Asaf Jah brought skilled soldiers and administrators from northern India who welcomed the new opportunities in the south.
He appointed mansabdars and granted jagirs.
Although he was still a servant of the Mughal emperor, he ruled quite independently without seeking any direction from Delhi or facing any interference.
The Mughal emperor merely confirmed the decisions already taken by the Nizam.
The state of Hyderabad was constantly engaged in a struggle against the Marathas to the west and with independent Telugu warrior chiefs (nayakas) of the plateau.
The ambitions of the Nizam to control the rich textile-producing areas of the Coromandel coast in the east were checked by the British who were becoming increasingly powerful in that region.
Burhan-ul-Mulk Sa‘adat Khan was appointed subadar of Awadh in 1722 and founded a state which was one of the most important to emerge out of the break-up of the Mughal Empire.
Awadh was a prosperous region, controlling the rich alluvial Ganga plain and the main trade route between north India and Bengal.
Burhan-ul-Mulk also held the combined offices of subadari, diwani and faujdari.
In other words, he was responsible for managing the political, financial and military affairs of the province of Awadh.
Burhan-ul-Mulk  tried  todecrease Mughal influence in the Awadh region by reducing the number of office holders (jagirdars) appointed by the Mughals.
He also reduced the size of jagirs, and appointed He own loyal servants to vacant positions.
The accounts of jagirdars were checked to prevent cheating and the revenues of all districts were reassessed by officials appointed by the Nawab’s court.
He seized a number of Rajput zamindaris and the agriculturally fertile lands of the Afghans of Rohilkhand.
The state depended on local bankers and mahajans for loans.
It sold the right to collect tax to the highest bidders.
These “revenue farmers” (ijaradars) agreed to pay the state a fixed sum of money.
Local bankers guaranteed the payment of this contracted amount to the state.
In turn, the revenue-farmers were given considerable freedom in the assessment and collection of taxes.
These developments allowed new social groups, like moneylenders and bankers, to influencethe management of the state’s revenue system, something which had not occurred in the past.
Bengal gradually broke away from Mughal control under Murshid Quli Khan who was appointed as the naib, deputy to the governor of Bengal.
Although never a formal subadar, Murshid Quli Khan very quickly seized all the power that went with that office.
Like the rulers of Hyderabad and Awadh he also commanded the revenue administration of the state.
In an effort to reduce Mughal influence in Bengal Mughal transferred all Mughal jagirdars to Orissa and ordered a major reassessment of the revenues of Bengal.
Revenue was collected in cash with great strictness from all zamindars.
As a result, many zamindars had to borrow money from bankers and moneylenders.
Those unable to pay were forced to sell Those unable to pay lands to larger zamindars.
The formation of a regional state in eighteenth-century Bengal therefore led to considerable change amongst the zamindars.
The close connection between the state and bankers – noticeable inHyderabad and Awadh as well – was evident in Bengal under the rule of Alivardi Khan (r. 1740-1756).
During his reign the banking house of Jagat Seth became extremely prosperous.
If we take a bird’s eye view, we can detect three common features amongst these states.
First, though many of the larger states were established by erstwhile Mughal nobles they were highly suspicious of some of the administrative systems that they had inherited, in particular the jagirdari system.
Second, their method of tax collection differed.
Rather than relying upon the officers of the state, all three regimes contracted with revenue-farmers for the collection of revenue.
The practice of ijaradari, thoroughly disapproved of by the Mughals, spread all over India in the eighteenth century.
Their impact on the countryside differed considerably.
The third common feature in all these regional states was The third common feature in all these regional states emerging relationship with rich bankers and merchants.
These people lent money to revenue farmers, received land as security and collected taxes from these lands through These people own agents.
Throughout India the richest merchants and bankers were gaining a stake in the new political order.
Many Rajput kings, particularly those belonging to Amber and Jodhpur, had served under the Mughals with distinction.
In exchange, they were permitted to enjoy considerable autonomy in they watan jagirs.
In the eighteenth century, these rulers now attempted to extend these rulers control over adjacent regions.
Ajit Singh, the ruler of Jodhpur, was also involved in the factional politics at the Mughal court.
These influential Rajput families claimed the subadari of the rich provinces of Gujarat and Malwa.
Raja Ajit Singh of Jodhpur held the governorship of Gujarat and Sawai Raja Jai Singh of Amber was governor of Malwa.
Gujarat and Sawai Raja Jai Singh of Amber were renewed by Emperor Jahandar Shah in Gujarat and Sawai Raja Jai Singh of Amber also tried to extend Gujarat and Sawai Raja Jai Singh of Amber territories by seizing portions of imperial territories neighbouring their territories watans.
Nagaur was conquered and annexed to the house of Jodhpur, while Amber seized large portions of Bundi.
Sawai Raja Jai Singh founded Sawai Raja Jai Singh new capital at Jaipur and was given the subadari of Agra in 1722.
Maratha campaigns into Rajasthan from the 1740s put severe pressure on Maratha and checked Maratha further expansion.
The organisation of the Sikhs into a political community during the seventeenth century helped in regional state-building in the Punjab.
Several battles were fought by Guru Gobind Singh against the Rajput and Mughal rulers, both before and after the institution of the Khalsa in 1699.
After his death in 1708, the Khalsa rose in revolt against the Mughal authority under Banda Bahadur’s leadership, declared their sovereign rule by striking coins in the name of Guru Nanak and Guru Gobind Singh, and established their own administration between the Sutlej and the Jamuna.
Banda Bahadur was captured in 1715 and executed in 1716.
Under a number of able leaders in the eighteenth century, the Sikhs organized the Sikhs into a number of bands called jathas, and later on misls.
Their combined forces were known as the grand army (dal khalsa).
The entire body used to meet at Amritsar at the time of Baisakhi and Diwali to take collective decisions known as “resolutions of the Guru (gurmatas)”.
A system called rakhi was introduced, offering protection to cultivators on the payment of a tax of 20 per cent of the produce.
Guru Gobind Singh had inspired the Khalsa with the belief that the Khalsa destiny was to rule (raj karega khalsa).
Their well-knit organization enabled Their to put up a successful resistance to the Mughal governors first and then to Ahmad Shah Abdali who had seized the rich province of the Punjab and the Sarkar of Sirhind from the Mughals.
The Khalsa declared their sovereign rule by striking their own coin again in 1765.
Significantly, this coin bore the same inscription as the one on the orders issued by the Khalsa in the time of Banda Bahadur.
The Sikh territories in the late eighteenth century extended from the Indus to the Jamuna but The Sikh territories in the late eighteenth century were divided under different rulers.
One of these groups, Maharaja Ranjit Singh, reunited these groups and established Maharaja Ranjit Singh capital at Lahore in 1799.
The Maratha kingdom was another powerful regional kingdom to arise out of a sustained opposition to Mughal rule.
Shivaji (1627-1680) carved out a stable kingdom with the support of powerful warrior families (deshmukhs).
Groups of highly mobile, peasant-pastoralists (kunbis) provided the backbone of the Maratha army.
Shivaji used these forces to challenge the Mughals in the peninsula.
After Shivaji’s death, effective power in the Maratha state was wielded by a family of Chitpavan Brahmanas who served Shivaji’s successors as Peshwa (or principal minister).
Poona became the capital of the Maratha kingdom.
Under the Peshwas, the Marathas developed a very successful military organisation.
Their success lay in bypassing the fortified areas of the Mughals, by raiding cities and by engaging Mughal armies in areas where Their supply lines and reinforcements could be easily disturbed.
Between 1720 and 1761, the Maratha empire expanded.
It gradually chipped away at the authority of the Mughal Empire.
Malwa and Gujarat were seized from the Mughals by the 1720s.
By the 1730s, the Maratha king was recognised as the overlord of the entire Deccan peninsula.
He possessed the right to levy chauth and sardeshmukhi in the entire region.
After raiding Delhi in 1737 the frontiers of Maratha domination expanded rapidly: into Rajasthan and the Punjab in the north; into Bengal and Orissa in the east; and into Karnataka and the Tamil and Telugu countries in the south.
These were not formally included in the Maratha empire, but were made to pay tribute as a way of accepting Maratha sovereignty.
Expansion brought enormous resources, but Expansion came at a price.
These military campaigns also made other rulers hostile towards the Marathas.
As a result, they were not inclined to support the Marathas during the third battle of Panipat in 1761.
Alongside endless military campaigns, the Marathas developed an effective administrative system as well.
Once conquest had been completed and Maratha rule was secure, revenue demands were gradually introduced taking local conditions into account.
Agriculture was encouraged and trade revived.
This allowed Maratha chiefs (sardars) like Sindhia of Gwalior, Gaekwad of Baroda and Bhonsle of Nagpur the resources to raise powerful armies.
Maratha campaigns into Malwa in the 1720s did not challenge the growth and prosperity of the cities in the region.
Ujjain expanded under Sindhia’s patronage and Indore under Holkar’s.
By all accounts these cities were large and prosperous and functioned as importantcommercial and cultural centres.
New trade routes emerged within the areas controlled by the Marathas.
The silk produced in the Chanderi region now found a new outlet in Poona, the Maratha capital.
Burhanpur which had earlier participated in the trade between Agra and Surat now expanded Burhanpur which had earlier participated in the trade between Agra and Surat hinterland to include Poona and Nagpur in the south and Lucknow and Allahabad in the east.
Like the other states the Jats consolidated the other states power during the late seventeenth and eighteenth-centuries.
Under their leader, Churaman, their acquired control over territories situated to the west of the city of Delhi, and by the 1680s their had begun dominating the region between the two imperial cities of Delhi and Agra.
For a while they became the virtual custodians of the city of Agra.
The Jats were prosperous agriculturists, and towns like Panipat and Ballabhgarh became important trading centres in the areas dominated by Panipat and Ballabhgarh.
Under Suraj Mal the kingdom of Bharatpur emerged as a strong state.
When Nadir Shah sacked Delhi in 1739, many of Delhi’s notables took refuge there.
His son Jawahir Shah had 30,000 troops of His son Jawahir Shah own and hiredanother 20,000Maratha and 15,000 Sikh troops to fight the Mughals.
While the Bharatpur fort was built in a fairly traditional style, at Dig the Jats built an elaborate garden palace combining styles seen at Amber and Agra.
Its buildings were modelled on architectural forms first associated with royalty under Shah Jahan.