Because my coffee was too cold, I heated it in the microwave.
Although he was wealthy, he was still unhappy.
She returned the computer after she noticed it was damaged.
Whenever prices goes up, customers buy less products.
Because I had to catch the train, and as we were short on time, I forgot to pack my toothbrush for our vacation.
As she was bright and ambitious, she became a manager in no time.
Wherever you go, you can always find beauty.
Evergreen trees are a symbol of fertility because they do not die in the winter.
Although it was very long, the movie was still enjoyable.
You should take your car in for a service because it's starting to make weird noises.
The actor was happy he got a part in a movie even though the part was small.
After the tornado hit, there was very  little left standing.
The museum was very interesting, as I expected.
Now that he's rich and famous, people make allowances for his idiosyncrasies.
Even though he's thoroughly trained, he still makes a lot of mistakes.
Since winter is coming, I think I'll knit a warm sweater, because I'm always cold.
When she was younger, she believed in fairy tales.
I have to save this coupon in case I come back to the store tomorrow.
Let's go back to Chez Nous because it's where we had our first date.
Although my friends begged me, I chose not to go to the reunion.
As genes change over time, evolution progresses.
I really didn't like the movie even though the acting was good.
When he got a creampie smashed in his face, everyone laughed.
After being apart for years, he still had feelings for her.
Bobby was delighted he got a part in the school play, even though the part was a small one.
Because my porridge had gone cold, I heated it in the microwave.
After lots of practise, Josh still struggled to tie his shoelaces.
Let's go back to the theatre where we watched the ballet.
After the storm hit the town, trees lay broken in the streets.
Although my friends begged me, I chose not to go to the reunion.
I learned English perfectly because I studied very hard.
Many people enjoyed the movie; however Alex did not.
Although the farmer is ready, the ground is still too wet to plow.
If the ozone layer collapses, the global community will suffer,
Although I am not very good, I really enjoy playing football.
I'd like to see the North pole, but I will never go where it is that cold!
Because he did not know the route well, he drove slowly.
Walking through the wood, he saw a fox that was following him.
When Uncle Samuel comes to town, we all have a good time.
When he handed in the homework, he forgot to give the teacher the last page.
The teacher returned the homework after she noticed the error.
The students are studying because they have a test tomorrow.
After they finished studying, Emily and Lily went to the movies.
Grace and Jackie went to the movies after they finished cleaning the house.
He spoke so well that everyone was pleased.
At some point, that stopped bugging her and became an attraction.
He stopped and picked up a bird's nest that had fallen upon the ground.
It is with a kind of fear that I begin to write the history of my life.
Here and there were groups of houses that seemed made of clear glass,  because they sparkled so brightly.
When Alex came home that evening, Carmen told him about it.
Although Denise had some doubts, she found the courses very useful.
Computer have come a long way since they first come in the market.
The president chose people who would help him make good decisions.
When the food arrived, the children ate everything.
Whoever signs the lease is responsible for the rent.
I didn't go to the store because I already had chips and salsa at home.
Even though I was nervous about the date, I had a really great time after we started talking.
I cooked dinner, but I didn't set the table.
Though Jada was afraid, she gathered her courage and she opened the door,
Because the bridge wasn't properly maintained by the government, it fell down.
Although he ate a really big dinner, now he wants to eat cake for the desert.
Whenever they eat at this restaurant, they order a hamburger and fries.
He will be able to maintain a healthy weight if he keeps exercising.
Beause the world is getting warmer, polar bears are in danger of becoming extinct.
The human brain stops working until you stand up to speak in public.
Even though she suffered from arthritis, she studied hard because she wanted to go to medical school in London.
Because Alex and Michael arrived at the bus station before noon, I did not see them at the station.
Before the bell rang, the children packed up, and the teacher collected their work.
A single-tasking system can only run one program at a time, while a multi-tasking operating system allows more than one program to be running in concurrency.
70.This is achieved by time-sharing, where the available processor time is divided between multiple processes.
When computers in a group work in cooperation, they form a distributed system.
A real-time operating system is an operating system that guarantees to process events or data by a specific moment in time.
A real-time operating system may be single- or multi-tasking, but when multitasking, it uses specialized scheduling algorithms so that a deterministic nature of behavior is achieved. 
With the aid of the firmware and device drivers, the kernel provides the most basic level of control over all of the computer's hardware devices. 
The operating system provides an interface between an application program and the computer hardware, so that an application program can interact with the hardware only by obeying rules and procedures programmed into the operating system. 
