She did not cheat on the test, for it was the wrong thing to do.
I really need to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
They had no ice cream left at home, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
I thought the promotion was mine, but my attendance wasn't good enough.
Should we start class now, or wait for everyone to get here?
It was getting dark, and we weren't near the cabin yet.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There were white-out conditions in the town; therefore, the roads were impassable.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He said he was not there yesterday; many people saw him there.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She only paints with bold colors; indeed, she does not like pastels at all.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Italy is my favorite country; I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; he would have not passed the class otherwise.
You need to pack the appropriate things for camping; for example, a sleeping bag will keep you warm.
I have paid my dues; as a result, I expect to receive all the privileges listed in the bylaws.
Sarah walked to class, but Kevin ran.
I want hamburgers, but Lois wants pizza.
The photographer held up a bear, and the little boy smiled.
I fell out of the bed, so Mom came to check on me.
The dog buried his bone, and the cat sniffed around it.
I was late; however, the class had not started.
I left my bag on the bus; therefore, I did not have a pencil.
Can I go home with you, so we can do our homework together?
It was very hot outside, and the ice cream melted.
Our team tried hard, but we lost the game.
