The black dog has won many prizes, but he doesn’t know many tricks.
She saw a cat run in front of her, so she fell down while roller-skating.
There  was  a  meteor  shower  in  space,  but  the  crew  did  not  know  how  to  avoid  the meteors.
I wanted to buy a baby Chihuahua, so I started to save my money.
Gillian did not like to read, for she was not very good at it.
Pam  liked  Wayne,  and Leena also liked Wayne.
The little boy did not like to go to school, yet he went anyway.
You could cry like a baby, or you can clean your room like an adult.
She didn’t want to play with Jill, and she didn’t want to play with Tim.
Arleen’s could not play with that boy, nor could she play with that other boy.
Let’s go to the swimming pool, for it’s hot inside the house.
I don’t want to eat, and I don’t want to drink.
I don’t want to practice playing the violin, yet I don’t want to disobey my mother.
I want to own my own company, and I want to pay all my workers a lot of money.
I need to go to the store, but I’m feeling too sick to drive.
Rabbits make good pets, for they don’t make too much noise and they are clean.
I want to go to the circus, and I want to ride a pony.
I didn’t do my homework, so my parents punished me.
I have never visited Asia, nor have I visited Africa.
You can make a big poster, or you can make a little clay statue.
A small kitten followed me home, so I gave it a bowl of milk.
We were lost in the woods, but my brother had a map in his backpack.
The girls were painting animal pictures, and Katrina spilled the paint.
Would you like to go to the movies, or would you rather stay hometonight?
Mr. Sanchez loved his new office, but he didn't like the view.
Ivana's bicycle had a flat tire, so she had to walk to the grocery store.
José wants to be an astronaut when he grows up, and Maria wants tobe a nurse.
Dr. Neu told Greg to floss his teeth every day, but he didn't listen.
The tigers at the zoo are always sleeping, but the penguins are fun to watch.
Tom arrived home, and ate dinner.
We studied many hours for the test, but we didn't pass it.
Peter doesn't need to buy a new car, nor does he need to go on vacation.
Peter drove to visit his friend, and they went out for dinner.
Mary thinks she should go to school, for she wants to get qualifications for a new profession.
Alan invested a lot of money in the business, but the business went bankrupt.
Doug didn't understand the homework assignment, so he asked the teacher for help.
The students didn't prepare for the test, nor did they realize how important the test was.
Susan thinks she should stay home and relax, or she should go on vacation.
The doctors looked at the x-rays, so they decided to operate on the patient.
We went out on the town, and we came home late.
Jack flew to London to visit his Uncle, and to visit the National Museum.
It is sunny, but it is very cold.
Henry studied very hard for the test, so passed with high marks.
I would like to play tennis today, or I would like to play golf.
We needed some food for the week, so we went to the supermarket.
Tom asked his teacher for help, and he asked his parents.
Janet doesn't like sushi, nor does she like any kind of fish.
Ms. Tory held Margaret’s hand, but she did not speak.
Maizon kept Margaret from doing things, but now Maison is gone.
Margaret will try new things, or she will stay the same.
Margaret’s dad died, and she lost her best friend.
The summer had brought sadness, and Margaret had suffered.
Next summer might be better, or it might be worse.
Margaret hoped for better times, but she couldn’t count on them.
Margaret’s poem is long, but it is not complicated.
Margart does not discuss Maizon in this poem, but she does tell about her father’s death.
The poem mentions Margaret’s mother, and it quotes advice from Ms. Dell.
Margaret could have refused to write the poem, or she could have refused to read it to the class.
The poem was well written, and Ms. Peazle was proud of Margaret’s efforts.
The class did not say anything about the poem, but they did react to it.
Maybe no one knew what to say, or maybe the students were afraid to say the wrong thing.
The students were silent, but Ms. Peazle knew what to write.
My dog eats fruit of any kind, but she will not eat meat or cheese.
The new rug in the living room is beautiful, but it does not match the furniture.
Kelly applied for a job in accounting at the new medical facility in town.
My mother mopped and waxed the hardwood floors in our house.
I went to the store without a list, so I bought all junk food.
Bosco chased his tail, but he never did catch it.
Minnie traveled through Europe and explored many interesting castles.
The flowers in the garden behind our house are in full bloom at this time.
Leslie and Mark will sing in the talent show.
Leslie will sing and dance in the talent show.
Father was a carpenter by trade, and he built us a sturdy home.
I crossed my arms over my chest and pouted.
I couldn’t throw it into High Street; it might spook one of the horses.
I had just saved her precious quilt from disaster, but would she appreciate it?
The water in the washbasin was cloudy, and the facecloth smelled like old cheese.
The size of the room did not match the size of our family.
My father built our home and business after the War for Independence ended in 1783.
The room where we served customers filled most of the first floor and had four large windows.
Joe camped and hiked with his Boy Scout troop.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was the wrong thing to do.
I really need to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
They had no ice cream left at home, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
I thought the promotion was mine, but my attendance wasn't good enough.
Should we start class now, or wait for everyone to get here?
It was getting dark, and we weren't near the cabin yet.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There were white-out conditions in the town; therefore, the roads were impassable.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He said he was not there yesterday; many people saw him there.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She only paints with bold colors; indeed, she does not like pastels at all.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Italy is my favorite country; I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; he would have not passed the class otherwise.
You need to pack the appropriate things for camping; for example, a sleeping bag will keep you warm.
I have paid my dues; as a result, I expect to receive all the privileges listed in the bylaws.
He must run fast or he will not catch the train.
He must run fast to catch the train.
The sun rose and the sky cleared.
The sun having risen the sky cleared.
He repeatedly failed but he did not give up.
In spite of his repeated failures, he did not give up.
They not only looted the shop, but also set it on fire.
Besides looting the shop, they set it on fire.
He was lazy; therefore he failed.
Being lazy he failed.
They did not have sufficient funds. They had to abandon the project.
Owing to the lack of funds, they had to abandon the project.
The sky was clear. We resumed our journey.
The sky being clear we resumed our journey.
The child found her mother absent. She began to cry.
Finding her mother absent, the child began to cry.
He not only recommended me to several employers, but lent me some money also.
Besides recommending me to several employers, he also lent me some money.
