She wanted spinach salad; he wanted a hamburger.
He went to the party, but she stayed home.
She loves me; she loves me not.
They say it's your birthday; it's my birthday too!
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. 
He couldn't go home, for he had no place to go. 
 I took a taxi, and she drove home.
 He didn't want help, nor did she offer it.
I wanted to go late, but she wanted to go on time.
She cooked dinner, or she went out to a restaurant.
She owned a car, yet she didn't know how to drive it.
She had to go, so she called a friend to drive her.
I was tired from working late; I had to go to class anyway.
I was tired from working late, but I had to go to class anyway.
My brother just graduated from high school; he will attend St. Petersburg College.
My brother just graduated from high school, so he will attend St. Petersburg College.
I like peanut butter, and I like jelly.
He eats macaroni, but he won't eat cheese.
I like peanut butter and jelly.
He eats macaroni or cheese but not both.
I hate spinach; however, I love broccoli.
I want to graduate with honors; furthermore, I want to go to law school.
I don't want to go out tonight; besides, I have homework to do.
My family went to the park yesterday, and we had a wonderful time.
Larrys family went to the zoo, but they didnt enjoy it.
His children were scared of the lions; they left right away.
Your children are older, so they probably wouldnt be scared.
Do you want to take them to the zoo, or would it be wiser to go to the park?
Let's go to the zoo, but we can start with the monkeys!
Jim and Susie both enjoy skiing.
Bruce is efficient at work and at home.
I like to walk in the park and watch the ducks there.
Michael rides his bike every day. He also practices judo and is always watching baseball games on T.V.
Michael rides his bike, practices judo, and watches baseball games on T.V. every day.
You are quite intelligent, but you dont think before you act.
My friends Jesse and Jennifer have just moved into a new home, and theyve made many changes in its appearance.
My friends Jesse and Jennifer have just moved into a new home and made many changes in its appearance.
Susie could study music or drama next year.
Susie could study music next year, or she could study drama (instead). 
Larry watches the news, but Bill makes news.
Larry watches the news; Bill makes news.
The ducks quacked and the chicks peeped.
The ducks quacked ,chicks peeped and the farmer smiled.
I kicked the ball and it hit John.
We ate turkey and played games.
Cathy and John visited us on Thanksgiving.
She cooked, and he cleaned.
I like tea, and he likes coffee.
I like hot chocolate; it sends me to sleep.
This house is too expenive and that house is too small.
I think youd enjoy the party, but I dont mind if you stay home.
You dont have to come, but I think you would like it.
He said he didnt mind if I stayed home; it soon became clear he wasnt being honest.
Alex likes to fish, and he is going fishing on Friday.
Becky wishes she could be younger, for everyone else in the program is half her age.
She is going to the movies, or she is going to the mall.
I am very smart, yet I do not enjoy school.
I want the sporty red car, but I will lease the practical blue one.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was the wrong thing to do.
I really need to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
They had no ice cream left at home, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
I thought the promotion was mine, but my attendance wasn't good enough.
Should we start class now, or wait for everyone to get here?
It was getting dark, and we weren't near the cabin yet.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There were white-out conditions in the town; therefore, the roads were impassable.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He said he was not there yesterday; many people saw him there.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She only paints with bold colors; indeed, she does not like pastels at all.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Italy is my favorite country; I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; he would have not passed the class otherwise.
You need to pack the appropriate things for camping; for example, a sleeping bag will keep you warm.
I have paid my dues; as a result, I expect to receive all the privileges listed in the bylaws.
Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a good carpenter to build one.
The drought had lasted now for 10 million years, and the reign of the terrible lizards had long since ended.
Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them.
I used to be snow white, but I drifted.
I have often wanted to drown my troubles, but I can't get my wife to go swimming.
Tell the truth, work hard, and come to dinner on time.
I have opinions of my own, strong opinions, but I don't always agree with them."
You can put wings on a pig, but you don't make it an eagle.
Sarah walked to class, but Kevin ran.
I want hamburgers, but Lois wants pizza.
The photographer held up a bear, and the little boy smiled.
I fell out of the bed, so Mom came to check on me.
The dog buried his bone, and the cat sniffed around it.
I was late; however, the class had not started.
I left my bag on the bus; therefore, I did not have a pencil.
Can I go home with you, so we can do our homework together?
It was very hot outside, and the ice cream melted.
Our team tried hard, but we lost the game.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do. 
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
There used to be a real me, but I had it surgically removed.
Go, and never darken my towels again.
I like tea, and he likes coffee.
I know one thing: I love that girl.
I know you're here  I can smell your perfume.
After the lights went out, I could hear you whispering; and I know you were talking about me.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them. 
I like coffee, and Mary likes tea.
Mary went to work, but John went to the party, and I went home.
Our car broke down; we came last.
London is in England, and Rome is in Italy.
There was a big bang and the lights went out.
He went to bed early, and the next day he felt better.
Mary ran fast, but she couldn't catch John.
Will Mary go, or will John go?
Mary never wrote the letter, nor did she call him.
He felt cold, for it was snowing.
I have known him for a long time, yet I have never understood him.
He was feeling sick, so he went to the doctor.
He's already had three beers, and now he wants another one. 
You can take a train, or you can take a bus. 
He studied very little; he failed his exams.
The sky is cloudy; it's going to rain.
Ram cut the grass; Ati trimmed the hedge; Tara watched.
John loves Mary; however, Mary doesn't love John.
Salad is not expensive; moreover, it's very healthy.
What he did was incredible; in fact, I can hardly believe it.
The cinema was sold out, so we watched a movie on TV.
I'll have a week in Rome, or I'll go to Paris for three days.
I really need a holiday, but I don't have the money, and I don't have the time.
He's crazy! He doesn't like the car, yet he bought it anyway.
It's gone 10pm, and he still hasn't arrived.
Our car broke down, so we took a taxi.
Our plane left Bangkok on schedule, and we arrived in London early.
I cannot criticize him, for he is my brother.
There are no eggs in the fridge, nor is there any bread in the cupboard.
I would have passed the exam, but I didn't study enough.
Should they take the test now, or should they wait until next month?
I have never visited Moscow, nor have I been to St Petersburg.
The pain was really bad, yet he refused to see a doctor.
The Angel Falls waterfall in Venezuela plunges 907 metres; it looks spectacular.
The entire town was flooded; people used boats.
We always shop at the supermarket; it's got everything in one place.
Call us next week; it should be in then.
You can pay online; we accept all major credit cards.
I only write non-fiction; I've never tried fiction.
Frantic is my favourite film; however, I've only seen it once.
He turned himself in to the police; otherwise, they would have arrested him.
He's got a really good job; at least, that's what he says.
He claimed he was working last night; however, nobody saw him at the office.
Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.
To be uncertain is uncomfortable; but to be certain is ridiculous.
For dust thou art, and unto dust shalt though return
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
The girl was beheaded, chopped into pieces and placed in a trunk, but was not interfered with.
I am just going outside and may be some time.
I desire to go to Hell and not to Heaven.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.
There's one law for the rich, and another for the poor.
A man is as old as he feels, and a woman is as old as she looks.
Money is a good servant, but a bad master.
Talk of the Devil, and he is bound to appear.
There is a time to speak and a time to be silent.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
